# ***INVOICE***
## Invoice Information
- Invoice Date: May 12, 2025
- File Number: 374822FTA
- Invoice Number: 264605
- Reference No: 221634-11
- Servicer: 
- Matter No.

## Payer and Owner Information
- PO#: Friedman Vartolo LLP
  - 1325 Franklin Avenue
  - Suite 160
  - Garden City, NY 11530
- Owner: Paden Hinds
## Property Information
- 8321 Thomson Road
- Township of Cheltenham, PA
- Tax Parcel(s) 31-00-25936-00-7, Township of Cheltenham, Montgomery County

## Invoice Details
| Description | Amount | Qty | Total |
|-------------|--------|-----|-------|
| Examination Fee | $650.00 | 1   | 650.00|

## Payment Information
- Payment(s): 
- Credit(s): 
- Balance Due: $650.00

## Payment Terms
- Payment to be submitted to *Fortune Title Agency, Inc.* within 30 days of the Invoice Date. If the file is cancelled a cancellation fee will be issued to cover out-of-pocket costs.

## Additional Terms
This Invoice is due within 30 days of receipt. Failure to pay said invoice in full shall result in submission to a collection agency. You will be responsible for all collection fees in addition to the outstanding debt. All credit card transactions are subject to a 3.5% surcharge.

## Closing
Thank you!

---

# Fortune Title Agency
39 Woodland Rd • Roseland, New Jersey 07068 • 973-226-5555 • 973-226-6171 fax • fortunetitle.com

## Friedman Vartolo LLP
1325 Franklin Avenue  
Suite 160  
Garden City, NY 11530  

### 
REF. NO: 221634-11                REF. NO.:  

May 14, 2025  
File No: 374822FTA  

Dear Sir or Madam:  

Please find the enclosed "Foreclosure Search Report" for the above captioned matter.  
We will update the foreclosure report upon notification from your office.  
If you have any questions regarding this report, please do not hesitate to contact us.  

Very truly yours,  
Melani DiGeronimo

---

# Foreclosure Search Report

## Report Details
- REF. NO.: 221634-11
- REF. NO.:
- EFFECTIVE DATE: April 23, 2025
- ISSUED DATE: May 14, 2025
- FILE NO.: 374822FTA

## Property Description
1. **Property Description:**
   - 8321 Thomson Road
   - Township of Cheltenham, PA
   - Tax Parcel(s) 31-00-29536-00-7, Township of Cheltenham, Montgomery County
   - Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road, Elkins Park, PA 19027-1730

## Additional Information
2. **TAXES:** As shown on attachment.
3. **SURROGATES:** Clear.
4. **BANKRUPTCY:** None.
5. **CHILD SUPPORT:** The website of the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services, Bureau of Child Support Enforcement, requires that a Social Security Number be provided in order to identify possible child support arrears. Social Security Numbers of individual borrowers must be provided for searching.
6. **COUNTY JUDGMENTS:** See Attached.
7. **TITLE VESTED IN:**
   - Paden K. Hinds, as sole owner, by deed from Louise Crawford now known as Louisa Coyle, dated September 10, 2019, recorded September 24, 2019 in the Montgomery County Clerk's/Register's Office in Deed Book 6154, Page 1672

---
## Issuer Information
Friedman Vartolo LLP  
1325 Franklin Avenue  
Suite 160  
Garden City, NY 11530

---

# MORTGAGE & LIEN SCHEDULE

## Details
- Friedman Vartolo LLP
- 1325 Franklin Avenue
- Suite 160
- Garden City, NY 11530

## Mortgage and Lien Schedule
REF. NO.: 221634-11  
REF. NO.:

### 1. Mortgage
- **Mortgage**: 
  - Mortgagor: Charles G. Oswald and Christine Oswald, his wife
  - Mortgagee: Julius S. Schonberger Jr
  - Amount: $10,000.00
  - Dated: November 6, 1948
  - Recorded: November 10, 1948
  - Book: 2052
  - Page: 304
  - NOTE: Said mortgage is against the prior owner.

### 2. Purchase Money Mortgage
- **Mortgage**: 
  - Mortgagor: Paden K. Hinds, a single person
  - Mortgagee: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. as nominee for Gateway Mortgage Group, a division of Gateway First Bank
  - Amount: $319,113.00
  - Dated: September 30, 2019
  - Recorded: September 24, 2019
  - Book: 14761
  - Page: 65

### 2a. Assignment
- **Assignment**:
  - Assignor: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. as nominee for Gateway Mortgage Group a division of Gateway First Bank
  - Assignee: U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as legal title trustee for RMPT Trust Series 2021 BKM-TT
  - Dated: March 23, 2022
  - Recorded: May 17, 2022
  - Book: 15591
  - Page: 63

---

# Mortgage and Judgment Records
## Mortgage Modifications and Mortgages

### Mortgage Modification
- **Mortgage Modification**
  - Mortgagor: Paden K. Hinds
  - Mortgagee: U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee for RMTP Trust, Series 2021 BKM-TT and through Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC
  - Dated: June 7, 2023
  - Recorded: September 15, 2023
  - Book: 15812
  - Page: 2619

### Mortgage Modification
- **Mortgage Modification**
  - Mortgagor: Paden K. Hinds
  - Mortgagee: Nationstar Mortgage LLC
  - Dated: December 1, 2024
  - Recorded: November 4, 2024
  - Book: 15980
  - Page: 2591

### Mortgage
- **Mortgage**
  - Mortgagor: Paden K. Hinds
  - Mortgagee: Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
  - Amount: $95,607.83
  - Dated: June 7, 2023
  - Recorded: September 5, 2023
  - Book: 15808
  - Page: 405

### Mortgage
- **Mortgage**
  - Mortgagor: Paden K. Hinds
  - Mortgagee: Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
  - Amount: $7,401.80
  - Dated: October 26, 2024
  - Recorded: November 4, 2024
  - Book: 15980
  - Page: 2557

### Judgment
- **Judgment**
  - Docket No: 2023-02202
  - Recorded: February 7, 2023
  - Amount: $2,847.80
  - Defendant: Paden Hinds
  - Plaintiff: Capital One Bank USA NA
  - Pltf Address: c/o Law Offices of Hayt, Hayt and Landau LLC Meridian Center 1, 2 Industrial Way West Eatontown NJ 07724

---

# LEGAL DESCRIPTION
## PROPERTY DESCRIPTION:
- 8321 Thomson Road
- Township of Cheltenham, PA
- Tax Parcel(s) 31-00-259536-00-7, Township of Cheltenham, Montgomery County
- Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road, Elkins Park, PA 19027-1730

The Land referred to herein below is situated in the County of Montgomery, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and is described as follows:

ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground situate in Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, at a corner formed by the intersection of the Southeast side of Thomson Road with the Northerly side of Edgewood Road; thence extending Northeastward, one hundred nineteen and thirty four one hundredths feet to a point, thence still along said road on a curve to the left, a distance of nine and seventy three one hundredths feet; thence Southeastward seventy five and thirty six one hundredths feet; thence Southwesterly ninety six and eighty four one hundredths feet to a point in the Northerly side of Edgewood Road, and thence along the said side of said Edgewood Road on a curve to the right, a distance of one hundred sixty four and ninety nine one hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of BEGINNING.

BEING Lot No. 51 on Plan of Edgewood Road recorded at Norristown in Deed Book No. 676, Page 500.

PARCEL NO. 31-00-259536-00-7

BEING the same premises which Arthur J. Norton, by Deed dated 10/07/2005 and recorded 11/16/2005 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds in and for the County of Montgomery in Deed Book 5579, Page 1371, granted and conveyed unto Louise Crawford.

AND the said Louise Crawford is also known as Louisa Coyle.

---

# PENNSYLVANIA TAX CERTIFICATION
## Title #: 45614525, Order #: 9513310, Page 1 of 2

### For: FORTUNE TITLE FORECLOSURE  
PARCEL #: 31-00-25933-6827  
ASSESSED OWNER: HINDS PADDEN K  
LEGAL ADDRESS: 8321 THOMPSON RD ELKINS PARK, PA 19027-1730  
8321 THOMPSON RD  

## CERTIFICATE OF CURRENT PROPERTY TAX STATUS FOR:

### Assessed Information
- Lot Size: .3030 AC  
- Prop Code: 1101 - RESIDENTIAL - SINGLE FAMILY - DETACHED  
- Assessed Value: $0  
- Land: $0  
- Improve: $0  
- Total: $151,610  

### Millage Rates
- Twp/Boro: 9.9552  
- County: 5.642  
- School: 53.17  

## Taxing Authorities
### Municipal:
- Collector: CHELTENHAM TWP  
  Address: 820 OLD YORK RD ELKINS PARK, PA 19027  
  Phone #: (215) 887-1000  
- Payment: Make check payable to: CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP  

### School:
- Collector: CHELTENHAM TWP  
  Address: 820 OLD YORK RD ELKINS PARK, PA 19027  
  Phone #: (215) 887-1000  
- Payment: Make check payable to: CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP  

## Prior Year Taxes
### Montgomery County Claim
| Year | Amount | Status    | Year | Amount | Status    | Year | Amount | Status    |
|------|--------|-----------|------|--------|-----------|------|--------|-----------|
| 2022 | $0      | Paid in Full | 2023 | $0      | Paid in Full | 2024 | $0      | Paid in Full |

### Portnoff Law Associates
| Year | Amount | Status    | Year | Amount | Status    | Year | Amount | Status    |
|------|--------|-----------|------|--------|-----------|------|--------|-----------|
| 2022 | $0      | Paid in Full | 2023 | $0      | Paid in Full | 2024 | $0      | Paid in Full |

## Current Year Taxes
### Discount
- Ends: 4/3/2025  
- Total: $838.00 Paid  

### Face
- From: 4/4/2025 - 6/3/2025  
- Amount: $855.00  

### Penalty
- Begins: 6/4/2025  

### Breakdown
- County 2025: $838.00 Paid  
- Township 2025: $1,479.00 Paid  
- Storm Water 2025: $220.00 Paid  
- Trash 2025: $341.00 Paid  
- Total: $2,878.00  

## Additional Info
- CHARLES JONES REPORTED CURRENT UTILITY BALANCES DISCOVERED THROUGH RESEARCH FOR TAXES ONLY. FOR CERTIFIED DELINQUENT UTILITY INFORMATION, PLEASE ORDER A UTILITY SEARCH PRODUCT FROM CHARLES JONES. CHARLES JONES CANNOT GUARANTEE DELINQUENT UTILITY BALANCES.

## School 2024
- Ends: 9/3/2024  
- From: 9/4/2024 - 11/4/2024  
- Begins: 11/5/2024  
- Total: $8,061.00 Paid  

## INTERIM
### Notes
- NONE  
  Issuance of a building permit may result in an additional bill for the improvement. Bills reflect the taxable portion of the improvement from the date of certificate of occupancy.

## Disclaimer
- Charles Jones LLC guarantees that the above information accurately reflects the contents of the public record as of 5/9/2025.  
- P.O. Box 8488, Trenton, NJ 08650-0488  
- Phone (866) 665-1660  
- Fax (866) 665-7075  
- REPORT FEE: $76.50  
- SALES TAX: $0.00

---

# PENNSYLVANIA TAX CERTIFICATION
## Order #: 9513310
### Title #: 456145251378252FTA

For: FORTUNE TITLE FORECLOSURE  
PARCEL #: 31-00-25936-607  
ASSESSED OWNER: HINDS PADDEN K  
LEGAL ADDRESS: 8321 THOMSON RD ELKINS PARK, PA 19027-1730  
                  8321 THOMSON RD  

Municipality Info: 
- CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY REQUIRED, CONTACT TOWNSHIP OFFICE AT (215) 887-1000 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION. AS OF 12/2/2020 CHELTENHAM SEWER SYSTEM WAS SOLD AND SERVICED BY AQA. AQA IS A PRIVATE COMPANY.

County Info: 
- MONTGOMERY COUNTY TAX CLAIM BUREAU COLLECTS DELINQUENT TAXES; THIS COLLECTOR MAY LEVY ADDITIONAL HANDLING COSTS AT ANY TIME DURING A MONTH ON ANY EXISTING DELINQUENT TAX AMOUNTS. PLEASE CONTACT CHARLES JONES LLC PRIOR TO CLOSING FOR AN UPDATED TAX CLAIM AMOUNT TO BE COLLECTED.

---
Charles Jones LLC guarantees that the above information accurately reflects the contents of the public record as of 5/9/2023.  
P.O. Box 8488, Trenton, NJ 08650-0488 • Phone (866) 665-1660 • Fax (866) 665-7075  
REPORT FEE: $76.50 SALES TAX: $0.00

---

# ***INVOICE***
## Invoice Information
- Invoice Date: January 10, 2024
- File Number: 362703FTS
- Invoice Number: 246473
- Reference No: 221634-9

## Billing Information
### Payer Information
- Friedman Vartolo LLP
- 1325 Franklin Avenue
- Suite 160
- Garden City, NY 11530

### Owner Information
- Paden Hinds

### Property Information
- 8321 Thomson Road
- Township of Cheltenham, PA
- Tax Parcel(s) 31-00-25936-00-7, Township of Cheltenham, Montgomery County

## Invoice Details
| Description | Amount | Qty | Total |
|-------------|--------|-----|-------|
| Examination Fee | $650.00 | 1 | $650.00 |
|  | Grand Total |  | $650.00 |

## Payment Terms
- Payment to be submitted to Fortune Title Agency, Inc. within 30 days of the Invoice Date.
- If the file is cancelled a cancellation fee will be issued to cover out-of-pocket costs.

## Additional Terms
- This Invoice is due within 30 days of receipt. Failure to pay said invoice in full shall result in submission to a collection agency. You will be responsible for all collection fees in addition to the outstanding debt. All credit card transactions are subject to a 3.5% surcharge.

## Closing
Thank you!

---

# Fortune Title Agency
39 Woodland Rd • Roseland, New Jersey 07068 • 973-226-5555 • 973-226-6571 fax • fortunetititle.com

Friedman Vartolo LLP  
1325 Franklin Avenue  
Suite 160  
Garden City, NY 11530  

---
### REF. NO: 221634-9                           REF. NO.:
January 10, 2024  
File No: 362703FTS  

Dear Sir or Madam:  

Please find the enclosed "Foreclosure Search Report" for the above captioned matter.  
We will update the foreclosure report upon notification from your office.  
If you have any questions regarding this report, please do not hesitate to contact us.  

Very truly yours,  
Nicole Molinaro  
---

---

# Foreclosure Search Report

## Report Details

- **Effective Date:** December 28, 2023
- **Issued Date:** January 10, 2024
- **File No.:** 362703FTS
- **Ref. No.:** 221634-9

## Property Description

1. **Property Description:**
   - 8321 Thomson Road
   - Township of Cheltenham, PA
   - Tax Parcel(s) 31-00-29536-00-7, Township of Cheltenham, Montgomery County
   - Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road, Elkins Park, PA 19027-1730

## Additional Information

- **Taxes:** As shown on attachment.
- **Surrogates:** Clear.
- **Bankruptcy:** None.

## Child Support and County Judgments

5. **Child Support:** The website of the Pennsylvania Department of Human Services, Bureau of Child Support Enforcement, requires that a Social Security Number be provided in order to identify possible child support arreacages. Social Security Numbers of individual borrowers must be provided for searching.

6. **County Judgments:** See attached.

## Title Vested In

7. **Title Vested In:**
   - Paden K. Hinds, as sole owner, by deed from Louise Crawford now known as Louisa Coyle, dated September 10, 2019, recorded September 24, 2019 in the Montgomery County Clerk's/Register's Office in Deed Book 6154, Page 1672.

---

# MORTGAGE & LIEN SCHEDULE

## Mortgage Details

### 1. Mortgage
- **Mortgagor:** Charles G. Oswald and Christine Oswald, his wife
- **Mortgagee:** Julius S. Schonberger Jr
- **Amount:** $10,000.00
- **Dated:** November 6, 1948
- **Recorded:** November 10, 1948
- **Book:** 2052
- **Page:** 304
- **NOTE:** Said mortgage is against the prior owner.

### 2. Purchase Money Mortgage
- **Mortgagor:** Paden K. Hinds, a single person
- **Mortgagee:** Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. as nominee for Gateway Mortgage Group, a division of Gateway First Bank
- **Amount:** $319,113.00
- **Dated:** September 30, 2019
- **Recorded:** September 24, 2019
- **Book:** 14761
- **Page:** 65

### 2a. Assignment
- **Assignor:** Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems Inc. as nominee for Gateway Mortgage Group a division of Gateway First Bank
- **Assignee:** U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as legal title trustee for RMTP Trust Series 2021 BKM-TT
- **Dated:** March 23, 2022
- **Recorded:** May 17, 2022
- **Book:** 15591
- **Page:** 63

---
## Header Information
- **Firm:** Friedman Vartolo LLP
- **Address:** 1325 Franklin Avenue Suite 160 Garden City, NY 11530
- **REF. NO.:** 221634-9

---

# Mortgage Modification
## Details
- **Mortgagor:** Paden K. Hinds
- **Mortgagee:** U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee for RMTP Trust, Series 2021 BKM-TT and through Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC
- **Dated:** June 7, 2023
- **Recorded:** September 15, 2023
- **Book:** 15812
- **Page:** 2619

## Mortgage
- **Mortgagor:** Paden K. Hinds
- **Mortgagee:** Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
- **Amount:** $95,607.83
- **Dated:** June 7, 2023
- **Recorded:** September 5, 2023
- **Book:** 15808
- **Page:** 405

## Judgment
- **Docket No.:** 2023-02202
- **Recorded:** February 7, 2023
- **Amount:** $2,847.80
- **Defendant:** Paden Hinds
- **Plaintiff:** Capital One Bank USA NA
- **Pltf Address:** CO Law Offices of Hayt, Hayt and Landau LLC Meridian Center 1, 2 Industrial Way West Eatontown NJ 07724

---

# LEGAL DESCRIPTION

## PROPERTY DESCRIPTION:
* 8321 Thomson Road
* Township of Cheltenham, PA
* Tax Parcel(s): 31-00-25936-00-7 Township of Cheltenham, Montgomery County
* Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road, Elkins Park, PA 19027-1730

The Land referred to herein below is situated in the County of Montgomery, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and is described as follows:

ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground situate in Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, at a corner formed by the intersection of the Southeast side of Thompson Road with the Northerly side of Edgewood Road; thence extending Northeasterly, one hundred nineteen and thirty four one hundredths feet to a point, thence still along said road on a curve to the left, a distance of nine and seventy three one hundredths feet to a point; thence Southeasterly seventy five and twenty six one hundredths feet; thence Southwesterly ninety six and eighty four one hundredths feet to a point in the Northerly side of Edgewood Road, and thence along the said side of said Edgewood Road on a curve to the right, a distance of one hundred sixty four and ninety nine one hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of BEGINNING.

BEING Lot No. 51 on Plan of Edgewood Road recorded at Norristown in Deed Book No. 676, Page 500.

PARCEL NO: 31-00-25936-00-7

---

# CERTIFICATE OF CURRENT PROPERTY TAX STATUS FOR:

## Property Information
- **Parcel #**: 31-00-25936-00-7
- **Assessed Owner**: HINDS: PADEN K.
- **Legal Address**: 8321 THOMSON RD ELKINS PARK PA 19027-1730
- **Lot Size**: 3030 AC
- **Property Code**: 1101 - RESIDENTIAL - SINGLE FAMILY - DETACHED

## Tax Information
- **Municipal**: CHELTENHAM TWP
  - **Address**: 8230 OLD YORK ROAD, ELKINS PARK, PA 19027
  - **Collector**: CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP FINANCE OFFICER
  - **Phone #**: (215) 887-1000
- **County**: MONTGOMERY
- **School**: CHELTENHAM TWP S D
  - **Address**: MARC LIEBERSON, 8230 OLD YORK RD, ELKINS PARK, PA 19027
  - **Phone #**: (215) 887-1000

## Payment Information
- **Payment**: Make check payable to: CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP
- **Duplicate Bill Fee**: $5.00
- **Payment**: Make check payable to: CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP SCHOOL DISTRICT
- **Duplicate Bill Fee**: $5.00

## Tax Rates
- **Twp/Boro**: 9.5695
- **County**: 4.627
- **School**: 52.4

## Assessed and Improvement Values
- **Land**: $0.00
- **Improvement**: $151,610.00
- **Total**: $151,610.00

## Prior Year Taxes
| Year | Amount | Status | Year | Amount | Status | Year | Amount | Status |
|------|--------|---------|------|--------|---------|------|--------|---------|
| 2023 | $0.00   | Paid in full | 2022 | $0.00   | Paid in full | 2021 | $0.00   | Paid in full |

## Current Year Taxes 2024
### Township 2024
- **Discount Ends**: 04/03/24
- **Face**: To Be Determined
- **Penalty Begins**: 06/06/24

### County 2024
- **Discount Ends**: To Be Determined

### Township 2023
- **Amount**: $1,422.00
- **Status**: Paid

### County 2023
- **Amount**: $687.00
- **Status**: Paid

### Trush
- **Amount**: $325.00
- **Status**: Paid

### Storm Water
- **Amount**: $160.00
- **Status**: Paid

### Total
- **2023**: $2,594.00
- **2022**: $2,637.00

## School Taxes 2023/2024
- **Amount**: $7,785.00
- **Ends**: 09/05/23
- **Begins**: 11/04/23
- **Total**: $7,944.00

## Interim and Notes
- **Interim**: NONE
- **Notes**: 
  - Issuance of a building permit may result in an additional bill for the improvement. Bills reflect the taxable portion of the improvement from the date of certificate of occupancy.

## Comments
- **PRIOR YEARS TRASH AND STORMWATER PAID IN FULL**

## Issuer Information
- **Charles Jones LLC** guarantees that the above information accurately reflects the contents of the public record as of 01/09/24.
- **Address**: P.O. Box 8488, Trenton, NJ 08650-0488
- **Phone**: (866) 665-1660
- **Fax**: (866) 665-7075
- **REPORT FEE**: $76.50
- **SALES TAX**: $0.00

---

# PENNSYLVANIA TAX CERTIFICATION
## Page 2 of 2
### Title #: 40220325D3676HFTS Order #: MT-005-9093201

## For: FORTUNE TITLE FORECLOSURE
### PARCEL #: 31-00-25936-00-7

### ASSESSED OWNER:
- HINDS PADEN K.
- 8321 THOMSON RD ELKINS PARK PA 19027-1730
- 8321 THOMSON RD

## Municipal Info:
- CERTIFICATE OF OCCUPANCY REQUIRED, CONTACT TOWNSHIP OFFICE AT (215) 887-1000 FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.  AS OF 1/2/2020 CHELTENHAM SEWER SYSTEM WAS SOLD TO AND SERVICED BY AQUA. AQUA IS A PRIVATE COMPANY.

## County Info:
- MONTGOMERY COUNTY TAX CLAIM BUREAU COLLECTS DELINQUENT TAXES; THIS COLLECTOR MAY LEVY ADDITIONAL HANDLING COSTS AT ANY TIME DURING A MONTH ON ANY EXISTING DELINQUENT TAX AMOUNTS. PLEASE CONTACT CHARLES JONES LLC PRIOR TO CLOSING FOR AN UPDATED TAX CLAIM AMOUNT TO BE COLLECTED.

---
### Charles Jones LLC guarantees that the above information accurately reflects the contents of the public record as of 01/09/24.

### P.O. Box 8488, Trenton, NJ 08650-0488 • Phone (866) 665-1660 • Fax (866) 665-7075
### REPORT FEE: $76.50 SALES TAX: $0.00

---

# MONTGOMERY COUNTY ROD
## OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE

### Document Information
- **Document Type:** Deed
- **Document Date:** 09/20/2019
- **Reference Info:** 
  - RETURN TO: (Ingeo)
  - MBA Abstract Inc
  - 2337 Philmont Ave Suite 103
  - Huntingdon Valley PA 19006
- **Property Data:**
  - **Parcel ID #:** 31-00-25936-00-7
  - **Address:** 8321 THOMSON RD
  - **Municipality:** Elkins Park PA 19027
  - **School District:** Cheltenham

### Associated Information
- **Associated Document(s):**
  - Cheltenham Township RRT
  - Cheltenham School District RRT

### Financial Information
- **Consideration/Secured Amt:** $325,000.00
- **Taxable Amount:** $325,000.00
- **Fees / Taxes:**
  - Recording Fee:Deed: $86.75
  - Affidavit Fee: $1.50
  - State St: $1,250.00
  - Cheltenham Township RRT: $1,625.00
  - Cheltenham School District RRT: $1,625.00
- **Total:** $6,588.25

### Recording Details
- **Transaction #:** 5915383 – 2 Doc(s)
- **Document Page Count:** 4
- **Operator Id:** sford
- **Paid By:** MBA ABSTRACT INC

### Recording Certification
- **Deed BK 6154 PG 01672 to 01676.1**
- **Recorded Date:** 09/24/2019 10:39:58 AM
- I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

### Official Notes
- **PLEASE DO NOT DETACH**
- **THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT**
- NOTE: If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.
- *COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA. PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION*

---

# This Indenture

## Introduction
This Indenture, made the 20th day of September, 2019,

## Parties Involved
Between

* LOUISE CRAWFORD NOW KNOWN AS LOUISA COYLE (hereinafter called the Grantor), of the one part, and
* PATRICK K. HINDS (hereinafter called the Grantee), of the other part,

## Witnesseth
Witnesseth, that the said Grantor for and in consideration of the sum of **Three Hundred Twenty-Five Thousand And 00/100 Dollars ($325,000.00)** lawful money of the United States of America, unto her well and truly paid by the said Grantee, at or before the sealing and delivery hereof, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, has granted, bargained and sold, released and confirmed, and by these presents does grant, bargain and sell, release and confirm unto the said Grantee, as sole owner

## Property Description
ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground situate in Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, at a corner formed by the intersection of the Southeast side of Thompson Road with the Northerly side of Edgewood Road; thence extending Northeastward, one hundred nineteen and thirty four one hundredths feet to a point; thence still along said road on a curve to the left, a distance of nine and seventy three one hundredths feet; thence Southeastward seventy five and thirty six one hundredths feet; thence Southwesterly ninety and eighty four one hundredths feet to a point in the Northerly side of Edgewood Road, and thence along the said side of said Edgewood Road on a curve to the right, a distance of one hundred sixty four and ninety nine one hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of BEGINNING.

## Lot Details
BEING Lot No. 51 on Plan of Edgewood Road recorded at Norristown in Deed Book No. 676, Page 500.

## Parcel Number
PARCEL NO. 31-00-25936-00-7

## Previous Ownership
BEING the same premises which Arthur J. Norton, by Deed dated 10/07/2005 and recorded 11/16/2005 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds in and for the County of Montgomery in Deed Book 5579, Page 1371, granted and conveyed unto Louise Crawford.

---

# DEED BK 6154 PG 01674
### MONTC

AND the said Louise Crawford is also known as Louisa Coyle.

Together with all and singular the buildings and improvements, ways, streets, alleys, driveways, passages, waters, water-courses, rights, liberties, privileges, hereditaments and appurtenances, whatsoever unto the hereby granted premises belonging, or in anywise appertaining, and the reversions and remainders, rents, issues, and profits thereof, and all the estate, right, title, interest, property, claim and demand whatsoever of her, the said grantor, as well as law in equity, of, in and to the same.

To have and to hold the said lot or piece of ground described above, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, hereditaments and premises hereby granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, with the appurtenances, unto the said Grantee, his heirs and assigns, to and for the only proper use and behoof of the said Grantee, his heirs and assigns, forever.

And the said Grantor, for herself and her heirs, executors and administrators, does, by these presents, covenant, grant and agree, to and with the said Grantee, his heirs and assigns, that she, the said Grantor, and her heirs, all and singular the hereditaments and premises herein described and granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, with the appurtenances, unto the said Grantee, his heirs and assigns, against her, the said Grantor, and her heirs, and against all and every other person and persons whosoever lawfully claiming or to claim the same or any part thereof, shall and will

In Witness Whereof, the party of the first part has hereunto set her hand and seal. Dated the day and year first above written.

Sealed and Delivered
in the Presence of Us:

Louise Crawford _(SEAL)_  
Louise Crawford  
Louisa Coyle _(SEAL)_  
Louisa Coyle

---

# Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
## County of Montgomery

On this, the 20th day of September, 2019, before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Louise Crawford NKA Louisa Coyle, known to me (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that she executed the same for the purposes therein contained.

## Notary Public Information

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I herunto set my hand and official seal:

- Notary Public
- My commission expires: May 8, 2022

## Grantee Information

The precise residence and the complete post office address of the above-named Grantee is:
- 8321 Thomson Road
- Elkins Park, PA 19027

On behalf of the Grantee

---
## Notary Seal Information

- Commonwealth of Pennsylvania - Notary Seal
- REGISTRATION NO.  3044933 - Notary Public
- My Commission Expires May 8, 2022
- Commission Number 1245750

---

# Deed
---
## UPI #31-400-25956-04-078
Louise Crawford now known as  
**Cople**  
To:  
Patren K. Hinds  

### MRB Abstract Inc.
2333 Philadelphia Ave., Suite 100  
Blue Bell, PA 19412  
Telephone: 215-997-7177  
Fax: 215-997-7377
---
09/24/2019  10:39:58 AM  
DEED BK 6154  PG 01576  
MONTC0

---

# REALTY TRANSFER TAX STATEMENT OF VALUE
## 
### 
**See reverse for instructions.**

Complete each section and file in duplicate with: *Records of Deeds* when (1) the full value/consideration is not set forth in the deed, (2) the deed is without consideration or by gift, or (3) a tax exemption is claimed. If more space is needed, please attach additional sheets. A Statement of Value (SOV) is not required if the transfer is wholly exempt from tax, based on family relationship or public utility easement. However, it is recommended that a SOV accompany all documents filed for recording.

## A. CORRESPONDENT - All inquiries may be directed to the following person:

* Name: Paden K. Hinds
* Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road
* City: Elkins Park
* State: PA
* ZIP Code: 19027
* Telephone Number: 
* 

## B. TRANSFER DATA

* Date of Acceptance of Document: 09 / 20 / 2019
* Telephone Number: 
* Grantor(s)/Seller(s): Louise Crawford NKA Louisa Coyle 
* Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road
* City: Elkins Park
* State: PA
* ZIP Code: 19027
* Grantee(s)/Lassess(s): Paden K. Hinds 
* Mailing Address: 8321 Thomson Road
* City: Elkins Park
* State: PA
* ZIP Code: 19027

## C. REAL ESTATE LOCATION

* 8321 Thomson Road
* City, Township, Borough: Cheltenham Township
* County: Montgomery
* School District: Cheltenham
* Tax Parcel Number: 31-00-25835-00-7

## D. VALUATION DATA

* Was transaction part of an assignment or relocation? **Y** | **N** 
1. Actual Cash Consideration: $ 335,000.00 
* 2. Other Consideration: 
* 3. Total Consideration = 335,000.00 
* 4. County Assessed Value: $ 151,610.00 
* 5. Common Level Ratio Factor: × 2.93 
* 6. Computed Value = $ 397,765.30 

## E. EXEMPTION DATA - Refer to instructions for exemption status.

* 1a. Amount of Exemption Claimed: $ 0 
* 1b. Percentage of Grantor's Interest in Real Estate: 100 %
* 1c. Percentage of Grantor's Interest Conveyed: 100 %
* 2. Check Appropriate Box Below for Exemption Claimed. 
  * Will or Intestate succession.
  * Transfer to a trust. (Attach complete copy of trust agreement identifying all beneficiaries.)
  * Transfer from a trust. Date of transfer into the trust 
  * If trust was amended attach a copy of original and amended trust.
  * Transfer between principal and agent/straw party. (Attach complete copy of agency/straw party agreement.)
  * Transfers to the Commonwealth, and its instrumentalities by gift, dedication, condemnation or in lieu of condemnation. (If condemnation or in lieu of condemnation, attach copy of resolution.)
  * Transfer from mortgagor to a holder of a mortgage in default. (Attach copy of mortgage and note/assignment.)
  * Corrective or confirmatory deed. (Attach complete copy of the deed to be corrected or confirmed.)
  * Statutory corporate consolidation, merger or division. (Attach copy of articles.)
  * Other (Please explain exemption claimed.)

Under penalties of law, I declare that I have examined this statement, including accompanying information, and to the best of my knowledge and belief, it is true, correct and complete.

Paden K. Hinds By: 
Date: 09-20-2019

FAILURE TO COMPLETE THIS FORM PROPERLY OR ATTACH REQUESTED DOCUMENTATION MAY RESULT IN THE RECORDER'S REFUSAL TO RECORD THE DEED.

---

# This Indenture

Made the day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and Forty-eight (1948)

## Parties Involved

Between CHARLES G. DONALD of the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Philadelphia Co., his wife of the one part, and 

JULIUS S. GOLDBERG Jr., of  ***Cincinnati***, Ohio, of the other part;

## Mortgage Details

(Mortgagor called the Mortgagor's) (Mortgagee called the Mortgagee)

Whereas, the said Mortgagor ***and***  Mortgagee, in consideration of the sum of FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($5,000.00) lawful money of the United States of America, and for other good and valuable consideration, have ***mutually*** agreed for the payment of the just sum of ***FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($5,000.00)*** within one (1) year from the date hereof.

## Terms of the Mortgage

together with interest thereon, semi-annually at the rate of five (5) per cent. per annum, and also interest on all overdue and unpaid semi-annual interest at the same rate.

*Without any discount or further allowance, and for the production of the Mortgagee's Title. Exceptions: Easements, restrictions, if any, shown on *THE PLAN* referred to herein, or marked on and made part of the plan dated November 12th, A.D. 1947, and attached hereto.

## Default and Remedies

Provided, nevertheless, and it is hereby expressly agreed, that at any time default shall be made in the payment of the principal, semi-annually, or in such of the covenants and agreements aforesaid, the Mortgagee, 
or assigns, after thirty (30) days' notice, 
shall have the right to foreclose and sell the mortgaged premises, or any part thereof, 
and out of the proceeds to retain all costs and charges, 
and to collect and receive all sums then due.

## Additional Provisions

And Provided Further, that if at any time thereafter, by reason of the non-payment 
of principal, interest, 
or any part thereof, 
or by reason of failure to keep any and every covenant or agreement 
in this Indenture contained on the part of the Mortgagor to be kept 
or performed, 
or the production of and receipt for said principal, 
or any part thereof, 
or any installment 
of interest, 
or the principal and interest becoming due and payable simultaneously 
and conditionally 
and the Mortgagee deeming 
the same to be unsafe, 
shall deem it unsafe 
to continue to carry 
or hold the said mortgage 
as a good and sufficient 
or collectible obligation, 
then and in such case 
the whole amount 
of principal then due 
shall forthwith become due 
and payable 
and shall be recoverable 
as a debt 
or demand due and payable.

## Power of Attorney

Now this Indenture Witnesseth, That the said Mortgagor, ***and*** Mortgagee, Their Heirs, 
Executors, 
Administrators 
and Assigns, 
in consideration 
of the further and One Hundred 
Dollars ($100.00) 
lawful money 
of the United States 
of America, 
and for other good 
and valuable 
consideration, 
have ***hereby*** 
granted, 
bargained, 
sold, 
assigned, 
transferred, 
released 
and conveyed, 
unto the said Mortgagee, 
their Heirs, 
Executors, 
Administrators, 
and Assigns,

---

# 2% 
## That contains lot No. 92% of ground **BITTITO** in Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, at a corner formed by the intersection of the Southeast side of Thompson road with the Northerly side of Morvin Road (formerly Edgewood Road); thence extending Northeastward one hundred and thirty-four one-hundredths feet to a point; thence still along said road on a curve to the left a distance of one hundred seventy-three one-hundredths feet; thence **Southeast**rd seventy-five and thirty-six one-hundredths feet; thence Southerly sixty-six and eighty-four one-hundredths feet; thence Southerly along the southerly side of said Morvin Road (formerly Edgewood road) on a curve to the right a distance of one hundred fifty-four and ninety-nine one-hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of beginning. Being lot No. 51 on plan of Edgewood Park recorded at Norristown in Deed Book No. 676, Page 50.

---
## ALL WITH THE SAME premises which Herbert S. Taylor and Elizabeth T. Taylor, his wife, by Indenture bearing date the Tenth day of July A.D. 1915 and recorded at Montgomery County in Deed Book No. 734, page 146 6n., granted and conveyed unto the said **Oswald G. Oswald** and **Christine Oswald**, his wife, **SUBJECT TO BUILDING RESTRICTIONS AS OF RECORD**.

---

# Mortgage Document

## Key Details

* **Mortgage Amount:** FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS ($5,000.00)

## Definitions and Parties Involved

The buildings, rights, liberties, privileges, improvements, hereditaments, and appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in anywise appertaining, and the reversions, remainders, rents, issues, and profits thereof.

### Parties
- **Mortgagor:** [Illegible]
- **Mortgagee:** [Illegible]

## Terms and Conditions

### Payment Terms
1. The mortgagor shall produce to the mortgagee, on or before the first day of July of each and every year, a policy or policies of insurance upon the mortgaged premises, without any deduction, diminution or diminution to be made of anything.

### Insurance
- The policy or policies shall be issued by a company or companies approved by the mortgagee.
- The loss, if any, shall be payable to the mortgagee as their interest may appear.

### Default and Remedies
- If default is made in the payment of interest on the said principal sum, or if there is default in the production to the mortgagee of the policy or policies of insurance upon the mortgaged premises, or if there is default in the assignment to the mortgagee of the rents and water rents of the current year, or if there is default in the performance of any of the covenants and conditions contained in the mortgage, then and in every such case, the whole of the principal sum, together with interest thereon, shall immediately become due and payable.

## Signatures

Sealed and delivered in the presence of:

- **Mortgagor:** [Illegible]
- **Witnesses:**
  - [Illegible]
  - [Illegible]

---

# STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA
## COUNTY OF MONTGOMERY

On the 6th day of November A.D. 1946, before me, a Notary Public in and for the County of Montgomery, residing in the city of Norristown, personally appeared the above-named

## WILLIAM G. LEONARD and CATHERINE LEONARD, his wife

and in due form of law acknowledged the above INDENTURE OF MORTGAGE to be their free act and deed, and that the same might be recorded as such.

 Witness my hand and seal this 6th day of November A.D. 1946.

The address of the within Mortgage is 317 ft. south of R.R. 

Signed, published and declared by WILLIAM G. LEONARD and CATHERINE LEONARD, as their free act and deed.

---

## MORTGAGE

RECORD NO. 2655
RECORDED in the Office for Recording of Deeds in and for County of Montgomery
in Mortgage Book          No. 2002
Page         306, etc.

Witness my hand and seal this 10th day of November A.D. 1946.

John E. Marshall, Recorder

---

# RECORDER OF DEEDS
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY
## Jeanne Sorg

One Montgomery Plaza  
Swede and Airy Streets ~ Suite 303  
P.O. Box 311 - Norristown, PA 19404  
Office: (610) 278-3289  
Fax: (610) 278-3869

---
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY ROD

### OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE

**Document Type:** Mortgage  
**Document Date:** 09/20/2019  
**Reference Info:**  
* RETURN TO: (Ingeo)  
MBA Abstract Inc  
2337 Philmont Ave Suite 103  
Mount Vernon, VA  19006  

**PROPERTY DATA:**  
* Parcel ID #: 31-00-25936-00-7  
* Address:  
8321 THOMSON RD  
ELKINS PARK, PA  19027  
* Municipality:  
Cheltenham Township (100%)  
* School District:  

**ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S):**

**FEES / TAXES:**  
- Recording Fee: Mortgage   $86.75  
- Additional Pages Fee   $32.00  
- Affordable Housing Pages   $32.00  
**Total:**   $150.75  

**Transaction #:**  
**Document Page Count:** 20  
**Operator Id:** sfford  
**PAID BY:**  
MBA ABSTRACT INC  

**MTG BK 14761 PG 00065 to 00085**  
**INSTRUMENT #: 20190667796**  
**RECORDED DATE: 09/24/2019 10:39:59 AM**

I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

---
## CERTIFICATION

Jeanne Sorg  
Recorder of Deeds

**PLEASE DO NOT DETACH**

THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT  
NOTE: If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.  
*COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA. PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

---

# MORTGAGE

## DOCUMENT DETAILS

* **Document Type**: MORTGAGE
* **FHA Case Number**: 445-4349267-703
* **MIN**: 100287715000309218
* **SIS Telephone #**: (888) 679-MERS

## PREPARED BY

This instrument was prepared by:
Gateway Mortgage Group, a division of Gateway First Bank
244 South Gateway Place
Jenks, OKLAHOMA 74037

## RECORDING INFORMATION

### Mailing Address

WHEN RECORDED, MAIL TO:
Gateway Mortgage Group, a division of Gateway First Bank
244 South Gateway Place
Jenks, OKLAHOMA 74037

### UPI and Loan Details

* **UPI Number**: 31-00-25936-007
* **NMI S#**: 7233; Originator: Lori Fox, NMLS# 141401
* **Loan Number**: 13310585

## DEFINITIONS

Words used in multiple sections of this document are defined below and other words are defined in Sections 3, 10, 12, 17, 19 and 21. Certain rules regarding the usage of words used in this document are also provided in Section 15.

### Key Definitions

* **(A) "Security Instrument"**: means this document, which is dated September 20, 2019, together with all Riders to this document.
* **(B) "Borrower"**: is Paden K Hinds a single person. Borrower is the mortgagor under this Security Instrument.
* **(C) "MERS"**: is Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc. MERS is a separate corporation that is acting solely as a nominee for Lender and Lender's successors and assigns. **MERS is the mortgagee under this Security Instrument**. MERS is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and has a mailing address of P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MICHIGAN 48501-2026.

## MERS INFORMATION

* **MERS ID#**: 59046
* **Page**: 1 of 19
* **Form ID#**: 120215 (rev. 7/2015)

---

# Mortgage Document
## Definitions

### Key Terms

- **Lender**: Gateway Mortgage Group, a division of Gateway First Bank, organized and existing under the laws of Oklahoma. Lender's address is 244 South Gateway Place, Jenks, OKLAHOMA 74037.

- **Note**: means the promissory note signed by Borrower and dated September 20, 2019. The Note states that Borrower owes Lender **THREE HUNDRED NINETEEN THOUSAND ONE HUNDRED THIRTEEN AND NO/100** Dollars (U.S. $331,919,113.00) plus interest. Borrower has promised to pay this debt in regular Periodic Payments and to pay the debt in full not later than October 1, 2049.

- **Property**: means the property that is described below under the heading "Transfer of Rights in the Property."

- **Loan**: means the debt evidenced by the Note, plus interest, and late charges due under the Note, and all sums due under this Security Instrument, plus interest.

### Riders

The following Riders are to be executed by Borrower (check box as applicable):
* Adjustable Rate Rider 
* Condominium Rider 
* Planned Unit Development Rider
* Other(s) (specify):

### Definitions Continued

- **Applicable Law**: means all controlling applicable federal, state and local statutes, regulations, ordinances and administrative rules and orders (that have the effect of law) as well as all applicable final, non-appealable judicial opinions.

- **Community Association Dues, Fees, and Assessments**: means all dues, fees, assessments and other charges that are imposed on Borrower or the Property by a condominium association, homeowners association or similar organization.

- **Electronic Funds Transfer**: means any transfer of funds, other than a transaction originated by check, draft, or similar paper instrument, which is initiated through an electronic terminal, telephonic instrument, computer, or magnetic tape so as to order, instruct, or authorize a financial institution to debit or credit an account. Such term includes, but is not limited to, point-of-sale transfers, automated teller machine transactions, transfers initiated by telephone, wire transfers, and automated clearinghouse transfers.

- **Escrow Items**: means those items that are described in Section 3.

- **Miscellaneous Proceeds**: means any compensation, settlement, award of damages, or proceeds paid by any third party (other than insurance proceeds paid under the coverages described in Section 5) for: (i) damage to, or destruction of, the Property; (ii) condemnation or other taking of all

---

# MTG BK 14761 PG 00068

or any part of the Property; (iii) conveyance in lieu of condemnation; or (iv) misrepresentations of, or omissions as to, the value and/or condition of the Property.

(N) “Mortgage Insurance” means insurance protecting Lender against the nonpayment of, or default on, the Loan.

(O) “Periodic Payment” means the regularly scheduled amount due for (i) principal and interest under the Note, plus (ii) any amounts under Section 3 of this Security Instrument.

(P) “RESPA” means the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (12 U.S.C. § 2601 et seq.) and its implementing regulation, Regulation X (12 C.F.R. Part 1024), as they might be amended from time to time, or any additional or successor legislation or regulation that governs the same subject matter. As used in this Security Instrument, “RESPA” refers to all requirements and restrictions that are imposed in regard to a “federally related mortgage loan” even if the Loan does not qualify as a “federally related mortgage loan” under RESPA.

(Q) “Secretary” means the Secretary of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development or his designee.

(R) “Successor in Interest of Borrower” means any party that has taken title to the Property, whether or not that party has assumed Borrower’s obligations under the Note and/or this Security Instrument.

## TRANSFER OF RIGHTS IN THE PROPERTY

This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (i) the repayment of the Loan, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; and (ii) the performance of Borrower’s covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower does hereby mortgage, grant and convey to MERS (solely as nominee for Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns) and to the successors and assigns of MERS, the following described property located in the County of Montgomery.

## SEE LEGAL DESCRIPTION ATTACHED HERETO AND BY THIS REFERENCE MADE A PART HEREOF.

which currently has the address of:
### 8321 Thomson Rd
Elkins Park, PENNSYLVANIA 19027-1730
(Property Address)

TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter attached to the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the “Property.” Borrower understands and agrees that MERS holds only legal

---

# UNIFORM COVENANTS

Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:

1. **Payment of Principal, Interest, Escrow Items, and Late Charges**: Borrower shall pay when due the principal of, and interest on, the debt evidenced by the Note and late charges due under the Note. Borrower shall also pay funds for Escrow Items pursuant to Section 3. Payments due under instrument unpaid, Lender may require that all or some of all payments to be made in U.S. currency. However, if any check or other instrument received by Lender as payment under the Note or this Security Instrument is returned to Lender, then all subsequent payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument shall be made in one or more of the following forms, as selected by Lender: (a) cash; (b) money order; (c) certified check, bank check, treasurer's check or cashier's check, provided any such check is drawn upon an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity; or (d) Electronic Funds Transfer.

Payments are deemed received by Lender when received at the location designated in the Note or at such other location as may be designated by Lender in accordance with the notice provisions in Section 14. Lender may return any payment or partial payment if the payment or partial payments are insufficient to bring the Loan current, without waiver of any rights hereunder or prejudice to its rights to refuse to accept payment or partial payments in the future, but Lender shall not be obligated to apply such payments at the time such payments are accepted. If each Periodic Payment is applied as of its scheduled due date, then Lender need not pay interest on unapplied funds. Lender may hold such unapplied funds until Borrower makes payment to bring the Loan current. If Borrower does not do so within a reasonable period of time, Lender shall either apply such funds or return them to Borrower. If not applied earlier, such funds will be applied to the outstanding principal balance under the Note immediately prior to foreclosure. No offset or claim which Borrower might have now or in the future against Lender shall

---

# 2. Application of Payments or Proceeds
Except as otherwise described in this Security Instrument or the Note, all payments accepted and applied by Lender shall be applied in the following order of priority:

- First, to the Mortgage Insurance premiums to be paid by Lender to the Secretary or the monthly charge by the Secretary instead of the monthly mortgage insurance premiums;
- Second, to any taxes, special assessments, leasehold payments or ground rents, and fire, flood and other hazard insurance premiums, as required;
- Third, to interest due under the Note;
- Fourth, to amortization of the principal of the Note; and,
- Fifth, to late charges due under the Note.

Any application of payments, insurance proceeds, or Miscellaneous Proceeds to principal due under the Note shall not extend or postpone the due date, or change the amount of the Periodic Payments.

## 3. Funds for Escrow Items
Borrower shall pay to Lender on the day Periodic Payments are due under the Note, until the Note is paid in full, a sum (the “Funds”) to provide for payment of amounts due for: (a) taxes and assessments and other items which can attain priority over this Security Instrument as a lien or encumbrance on the Property, if any; (b) leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any; (c) premiums for any and all insurance required by Lender under Section 5; and (d) Mortgage Insurance premiums to be paid by Lender to the Secretary instead of the monthly Mortgage Insurance premiums. These items are called “Escrow Items.” At origination or at any time during the term of the Loan, Lender may require that dues and assessments be an Escrow Item. Borrower shall promptly furnish to Lender all notices of amounts to be paid under this Section. Borrower shall pay to Lender the Funds for Escrow Items unless Lender waives Borrower’s obligation to pay the Funds for any or all Escrow Items. Lender may waive Borrower’s obligation to pay to Lender Funds for any or all Escrow Items at any time. Any such waiver may only be in writing. In the event of such waiver, Borrower shall pay directly, when and where payable, the amounts due for any Escrow Items for which payment of Funds has been waived by Lender and, if Lender requires, shall furnish to Lender receipts evidencing such payment within such time period as Lender may require. Borrower’s obligation to make such payments and to provide receipts shall for all purposes be deemed to be a covenant and agreement contained in this Security Instrument, as the phrase “covenant and agreement” is used in Section 9. If Borrower fails to pay Escrow Items directly, pursuant to any waiver, and Borrower then fails to make payment of the amount due for an Escrow Item, Lender may exercise its rights under Section 9 and pay such amount and Borrower shall then be obligated under Section 9 to re-pay to Lender any such amount.

---

# Lender's Rights and Obligations

Lender may revoke the waiver as to any or all Escrow Items at any time by a notice given in accordance with Section 14 and, upon such revocation, Borrower shall pay to Lender all Funds, and in such amounts, that are then required under this Section. Borrower shall, at any time, collect and hold Funds in an amount (a) sufficient to permit Lender to apply the Funds at the time specified under RESPA, and (b) not to exceed the maximum amount a lender can require under RESPA. Lender shall estimate the amount of Funds due on the basis of current data and reasonable estimates of expenditures of future Escrow Items or otherwise in accordance with Applicable Law.

The Funds shall be held in an institution whose deposits are insured by a federal agency, instrumentality, or entity (including Lender, if Lender is an institution whose deposits are so insured) or in any Federal Home Loan Bank. Lender shall apply the Funds to pay the Escrow Items no later than the time specified under RESPA. Lender shall not charge Borrower for holding and applying the Funds, annually analyzing the escrow account, or verifying the Escrow Items, unless Lender pays Borrower interest on the Funds and Applicable Law permits Lender to make such a charge. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on the Funds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on the Funds. Borrower and Lender can agree in writing, however, that interest shall be paid on the Funds. Lender shall give to Borrower, without charge, an annual accounting of the Funds as required by RESPA.

If there is a surplus of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall account to Borrower for the excess funds in accordance with RESPA. If there is a shortage of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the shortage in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments. If there is a deficiency of Funds held in escrow, as defined under RESPA, Lender shall notify Borrower as required by RESPA, and Borrower shall pay to Lender the amount necessary to make up the deficiency in accordance with RESPA, but in no more than 12 monthly payments.

Upon payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, Lender shall promptly refund to Borrower any Funds held by Lender.

## 4. Charges; Liens

Borrower shall pay all taxes, assessments, charges, fines, and impositions attributable to the Property which can be attained prior to or over this Security Instrument, leasehold payments or ground rents on the Property, if any, and Assessments, if any. To the extent that these items are Escrow Items, Borrower shall pay them in the manner provided in Section 3.

Borrower shall promptly discharge any lien which has priority over this Security Instrument unless Borrower: (a) agrees in writing to the payment of the obligation secured by the lien in a manner acceptable to Lender, but only so long as Borrower is performing such agreement; (b) contests the lien in good faith by, or defends against enforcement of the lien in legal proceedings which in Lender's opinion operate to prevent the enforcement of the lien while those proceedings are pending.

---

# 5. Property Insurance
Borrower shall keep the improvements now existing or hereafter erected on the Property insured against loss by fire, hazards included within the term "extended coverage," and any other hazards including, but not limited to, earthquakes and floods, for which Lender requires insurance. This insurance shall be maintained in the amounts (including deductible levels) and for the periods that Lender requires. What Lender requires pursuant to the preceding sentences may change during the term of the Loan. The insurance carrier providing the insurance shall be chosen by Borrower subject to Lender's right to disapprove Borrower's choice, which right shall not be exercised unreasonably. Lender may require Borrower to pay, in connection with this Loan, either: (a) a one-time charge for flood zone determination, certification, and tracking services; or (b) a one-time charge for flood zone determination and certification services and subsequent charges each time remappings or similar changes occur which reasonably might affect such determination or certification. Borrower shall also be responsible for the payment of any fees imposed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency in connection with the review of any flood zone determination resulting from an objection by Borrower.

If Borrower fails to maintain any of the coverages described above, Lender may obtain insurance coverage, at Lender's option and Borrower's expense. Lender is under no obligation to purchase any particular type or amount of coverage. Therefore, such coverage shall cover Lender, but might not protect Borrower, Borrower's equity in the Property, or the contents of the Property, against any risk, hazard or liability and might provide greater or lesser coverage than was previously in effect. Borrower acknowledges that the cost of the insurance coverage so obtained might significantly exceed the cost of insurance that Borrower could have obtained. Any amounts disbursed by Lender under this Section 5 shall become additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument. These amounts shall bear interest at the Note rate from the date of disbursement and shall be payable to Lender with such interest, at Lender's option.

All insurance policies required by Lender shall, at Lender's option and renewals of such policies shall be subject to Lender's right to disapprove such policies. shall include a standard mortgage clause and shall name Lender as mortgagee and/or as additional loss payee. If Lender requires, Borrower shall promptly give to Lender all receipts of paid premiums and renewal notices. If Borrower obtains any form of insurance coverage, not otherwise required by Lender, for damage to, or destruction of, the Property, such policy shall include a standard mortgage clause and shall name Lender as mortgagee and/or as an additional loss payee.

---

## In the event of loss, Borrower shall give prompt notice to the insurance carrier and Lender. Lender may make proof of loss if not made promptly by Borrower. Unless Lender and Borrower otherwise agree in writing, if the restoration or repair of the Property, if economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to hold such insurance proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure the work has been completed to Lender's satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may disburse proceeds for the repairs and restoration in a single payment or in a series of progress payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on such insurance proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on out of the insurance proceeds and shall be the sole obligation of Borrower. If the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the insurance proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such insurance proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in Section

2. 
If Borrower abandons the Property, Lender may file, negotiate and settle any available insurance claim and related matters. If Borrower does not respond within 30 days to a notice from Lender that the insurance carrier has offered to settle a claim, then Lender may negotiate and settle the claim. The 30-day period will begin when the notice is given. In either event, or if Lender acquires the Property under Section 22 or otherwise, Borrower hereby assigns to Lender (a) Borrower's rights to any insurance proceeds in an amount not to exceed the amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, and (b) any other of Borrower's rights (other than the right to any refund of unearned premiums paid by Borrower) under all insurance policies covering the Property, insofar as such rights are applicable to the coverage of the Property. Lender may use the insurance proceeds either to repair or restore the Property or to pay amounts unpaid under the Note or this Security Instrument, whether or not then due.

### 6. Occupancy. Borrower shall occupy, establish, and use the Property as Borrower's principal residence within 60 days after the execution of this Security instrument and shall continue to occupy the Property as Borrower's principal residence for at least one year after the date of occupancy, unless Lender determines that this requirement shall cause undue hardship for the Borrower or unless extenuating circumstances exist which are beyond Borrower's control.

### 7. Preservation, Maintenance and Protection of the Property; Inspections. Borrower shall not destroy, damage or impair the Property, allow the Property to deteriorate or commit waste on the Property. Borrower shall maintain the Property in order to prevent the Property from deteriorating or decreasing in value due to its condition. Unless it is determined pursuant to Section 5 that repair or 
FHA Pennsylvania Mortgage with MERS
Page 8 of 19
1/2/15 12:00 PM 725510
Borrower(s) Initials 
PH 
___

---

# 8. Borrower's Loan Application
Borrower shall be in default if, during the Loan application process, Borrower or any persons or entities acting at the direction of Borrower or with Borrower's knowledge or consent gave materially false, misleading, or inaccurate information or statements to Lender (or failed to provide Lender with material information) in connection with the Loan. Material representations include, but are not limited to, representations concerning Borrower's occupancy of the Property as Borrower's principal residence.

## 9. Protection of Lender's Interest in the Property and Rights Under this Security Instrument
If (a) Borrower fails to perform the covenants and agreements contained in this Security Instrument, (b) there is a legal proceeding that might significantly affect Lender's interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security Instrument (such as a proceeding in bankruptcy, probate, for condemnation or foreclosure, or enforcement of a lien which may attain priority over this Security Instrument or to enforce laws or regulations), or (c) Borrower has abandoned the Property, then Lender may do and pay for whatever is reasonable or appropriate to protect Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument, including protecting and/or assessing the value of the Property, and securing and/or repairing the Property. Lender's actions can include, but are not limited to: (a) paying any sums secured by a lien which has priority over this Security Instrument; (b) appearing in court; and (c) paying reasonable attorney's fees to protect its interest in the Property and/or rights under this Security Instrument, including securing its position in a bankruptcy proceeding. Securing the Property includes, but is not limited to, entering the Property to make repairs, change locks, replace or board up doors and windows, drain water from pipes, eliminate

---

# 10
## Assignment of Miscellaneous Proceeds; Forfeiture
All Miscellaneous Proceeds are hereby assigned to and shall be paid to Lender.

If the Property is damaged, such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to restoration or repair of the Property, if the restoration or repair is economically feasible and Lender's security is not lessened. During such repair and restoration period, Lender shall have the right to hold such Miscellaneous Proceeds until Lender has had an opportunity to inspect such Property to ensure work has been completed to Lender's satisfaction, provided that such inspection shall be undertaken promptly. Lender may pay for the repairs and restoration in a single disbursement or in a series of progress payments as the work is completed. Unless an agreement is made in writing or Applicable Law requires interest to be paid on such Miscellaneous Proceeds, Lender shall not be required to pay Borrower any interest or earnings on such Miscellaneous Proceeds. If the restoration or repair is not economically feasible or Lender's security would be lessened, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower. Such Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.

In the event of a total taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due, with the excess, if any, paid to Borrower.

In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is equal to or greater than the amount of the sums secured by this Security Instrument immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the sums secured by this Security Instrument shall be reduced by the amount of the Miscellaneous Proceeds multiplied by the following fraction: (a) the total amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value divided by (b) the fair market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value. Any balance shall be paid to borrower.

---

# MTG BK 14751 PG 00076
## Montco

In the event of a partial taking, destruction, or loss in value of the Property in which the fair market value of the Property immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value is less than the amount of the sums secured immediately before the partial taking, destruction, or loss in value, unless Borrower and Lender otherwise agree in writing, the Miscellaneous Proceeds shall be applied to the sums secured by this Security Instrument whether or not the sums are then due.

If the Property is abandoned by Borrower, or if, after notice by Lender to Borrower that the Opposing Party (as defined in the next sentence) offers to make an award to settle a claim for damages, Borrower fails to respond to Lender within 30 days after the date the notice is given, Lender is authorized to collect and apply the Miscellaneous Proceeds either to restoration or repair of the Property or to the sums secured by this Security Instrument, whether or not then due. “Opposing Party” means the third party that owes Borrower Miscellaneous Proceeds or the party against whom Borrower has a right of action in regard to Miscellaneous Proceeds.

Borrower shall be in default if any action or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, is begun that, in Lender's judgment, could result in forfeiture of the Property or other material impairment of Lender's interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. Borrower can cure such a default and, if acceleration has occurred, reinstate as provided in Section 18, by causing the action or proceeding to be dismissed with a ruling that, in Lender's judgment, precludes foreclosure of the Property or other material impairment of Lender's interest in the Property or rights under this Security Instrument. The proceeds of any award or claim for damages that are attributable to the impairment of Lender's interest in the Property are hereby assigned and shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.

All Miscellaneous Proceeds that are not applied to restoration or repair of the Property shall be applied in the order provided for in Section 2.

## 11. Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver
Extension of the time for payment or modification of amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of Borrower or any Successor in Interest of Borrower. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any Successor in Interest of Borrower or to refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or any Successors in Interest of Borrower. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy including, without limitation, Lender's acceptance of payments from third persons, entities or Successors in Interest of Borrower or in amounts less than the amount then due, shall not be a waiver of or prejudice the exercise of any right or remedy.

## 12. Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers; Successors and Assigns Bound
Borrower covenants and agrees that Borrower's obligations and liability shall be joint and several. However, any Borrower who co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note (a “Co-signer”) is co-signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey the Co-signer's interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument, (b) is not personally obligated to pay the

FHA Pennsylvania Mortgage With MPRS  
Page 11 of 19  
1290251 (Rev. 7/2016)  
IS No. 109486  
 Borrower(s) Initials:

---

# 13. Loan Charges
Lender may charge Borrower fees for services performed in connection with Borrower's default, for the purpose of protecting Lender's interest in the Property and rights under this Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, property inspection and valuation fees. Lender may collect fees and charges authorized by the Secretary. Lender may not charge fees that are expressly prohibited by this Security Instrument or by Applicable Law.

If the Loan is subject to a law which sets maximum loan charges, and that law is finally interpreted so that the interest or other loan charges collected or to be collected in connection with the Loan exceed the permitted limits, then: (a) any such loan charge shall be reduced by the amount necessary to reduce the charge to the permitted limit; and (b) any sums already collected from Borrower which exceeded permitted limits will be refunded to Borrower. Lender may choose to make this refund by reducing the principal owed under the Note or by making a direct payment to Borrower. If a refund reduces principal, the reduction will be treated as a partial prepayment with no changes in the date due or in the monthly payment unless the Note holder agrees in writing to those changes. Borrower's acceptance of any such refund made by direct payment to Borrower will constitute a waiver of any right of action Borrower might have arising out of such overcharge.

## 14. Notices
All notices given by Borrower or Lender in connection with this Security Instrument must be in writing. Any notice to Borrower in connection with this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower when mailed by first class mail or when actually delivered to Borrower's notice address if sent by other means. Notice to any one Borrower shall constitute notice to all Borrowers unless Applicable Law expressly requires otherwise. The notice address shall be the Property Address unless Borrower has designated a substitute notice address by notice to Lender. Borrower shall promptly notify Lender of Borrower's change of address. If Lender specifies a procedure for reporting Borrower's change of address, then Borrower shall only report a change of address through that specified procedure. There may be only one designated notice address under this Security Instrument at any one time. Any notice to Lender shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail to Lender's address stated herein unless Lender has designated another address by notice to Borrower. Any notice in connection with this Security Instrument shall not be deemed to have been given to Lender until actually received by Lender. If any notice required by this

---

# 15. Governing Law; Severability; Rules of Construction
This Security Instrument shall be governed by federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. All rights and obligations contained in this Security Instrument are subject to any requirements and limitations of Applicable Law. Applicable Law might explicitly or implicitly allow the parties to agree by contract or it might be silent, but such silence shall not be construed as a prohibition against agreement by contract. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with Applicable Law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provision.

As used in this Security Instrument: (a) words of the masculine gender shall mean and include corresponding neuter words or words of the feminine gender; (b) words in the singular shall mean and include the plural and vice versa; and (c) the word "may" gives sole discretion without any obligation to take any action.

## 16. Borrower's Copy
Borrower shall be given one copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.

## 17. Transfer of the Property or a Beneficial Interest in Borrower
As used in this Section 17, "Interest in the Property" means any legal or beneficial interest in the Property, including, but not limited to, those beneficial interests transferred in a bond for deed, contract for deed, installment sales contract or escrow agreement, the intent of which is the transfer of title by Borrower to a purchaser.

If all or any part of the Property or any Interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior written consent, Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. However, this option shall not be exercised by Lender if such exercise is prohibited by Applicable Law.

If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice shall provide a period not less than 30 days from the date the notice is given in accordance with Section 14 within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by this Security Instrument. If Borrower fails to pay these sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by this Security Instrument without further notice or demand on Borrower.

## 18. Borrower's Right to Reinstate After Acceleration
If Borrower meets certain conditions, Borrower shall have the right to reinstatement of a mortgage. Those conditions are that Borrower: (a) pays Lender all sums which then would be due under this Security Instrument and the Note as if no acceleration had occurred; (b) cures any default of any other covenants or agreements; (c) pays all expenses incurred in enforcing this Security Instrument, including, but not limited to, reasonable

---

# 19. Sale of Note; Change of Loan Servicer; Notice of Grievance

The Note (together with this Security Instrument) can be sold one or more times without prior notice to Borrower. A sale might result in a change in the entity (known as the “Loan Servicer”) that collects Periodic Payments due under the Note and this Security Instrument and performs other mortgage loan servicing obligations under the Note, this Security Instrument, and Applicable Law. There might also be one or more changes which will not state the name and address of the new Loan Servicer, to which payments should be made and any other information RESPA requires in connection with a notice of transfer of servicing. If the Note is sold and thereafter the Loan is serviced by a Loan Servicer other than the purchaser of the Note, the mortgage loan servicing obligations to Borrower will remain with the Loan Servicer or be transferred to a successor Loan Servicer and will not be assumed by the Note purchaser unless otherwise provided by the Note purchaser.

- Neither Borrower nor any other party may commence, join in, or be joined to any judicial action (as either an individual litigant or a member of a class) that arises from the other party's actions pursuant to this Security Instrument or that alleges that the other party has breached any provision of, or duty owed by reason of, this Security Instrument, until such Borrower or Lender has notified the other party (with such notice given in compliance with the requirements of Section 14) of such alleged breach and afforded the other party hereto a reasonable period after the giving of such notice to take corrective action. If Applicable Law provides a time period which must elapse before certain action can be taken, that time period will be deemed to be reasonable for purposes of this paragraph. The notice of acceleration and opportunity to cure given to Borrower pursuant to Section 22 and the 
---

---

# 20. Borrower Not Third-Party Beneficiary to Contract of Insurance
Mortgage Insurance reimburses Lender (or any entity that purchases the Note) for certain losses it may incur if Borrower does not repay the Loan as agreed. Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Borrower is not a third-party beneficiary to the contract of insurance between Lender and the Secretary, and is not entitled to enforce any agreement between Lender and the Secretary, unless explicitly authorized to do so by Applicable Law.

## 21. Hazardous Substances
As used in this Section 21: (a) "Hazardous Substances" are those substances defined as toxic or hazardous substances, pollutants, or wastes by Environmental Law and the following substances: gasoline, kerosene, other flammable or toxic petroleum products, toxic pesticides and herbicides, volatile solvents, materials containing asbestos or formaldehyde, and radioactive materials; (b) "Environmental Law" means federal laws and laws of the jurisdiction where the Property is located that relate to health, safety or environmental protection; (c) "Environmental Cleanup" includes any response action, remedial action, or removal action, as defined in Environmental Law; and (d) "Environmental Condition" means a condition that can cause, contribute to, or otherwise trigger an Environmental Cleanup.

Borrower shall not cause or permit the presence, use, disposal, storage, or release of any Hazardous Substances, on or in the Property. Borrower shall not do, nor allow anyone else to do, anything affecting the Property (a) that is in violation of any Environmental Law, (b) which creates an Environmental Condition, or (c) which, due to the presence, use, or release of a Hazardous Substance, creates a condition that adversely affects the value of the Property. The preceding two sentences shall not apply to the presence on the Property of small quantities of Hazardous Substances that are generally recognized to be appropriate for normal residential maintenance and limited to hazardous substances in consumer products).

Borrower shall promptly give Lender written notice of (a) any investigation, claim, demand, lawsuit or other action by any governmental or regulatory agency or private party involving the Property and any Hazardous Substance or Environmental Law of which Borrower has actual knowledge, (b) any Environmental Condition, including but not limited to any spilling, leaking, discharge, release or threat of release of any Hazardous Substance, and (c) any condition caused by the presence, use or release of a Hazardous Substance which adversely affects the value of the Property. If Borrower learns, or is notified by any governmental or regulatory authority, or any private party, that any removal or other remediation of any Hazardous Substance affecting the Property is necessary, Borrower shall promptly take all necessary remedial actions in accordance with Environmental Law. Nothing herein shall create any obligation on Lender for an Environmental Cleanup.

---

# NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS
Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:

## Acceleration; Remedies
22. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument (but not prior to acceleration under Section 17 unless Applicable Law provides otherwise). Lender shall notify Borrower of, among other things: (a) the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) when the default must be cured; and (d) that failure to cure the default as specified may result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Security Instrument, foreclosure by judicial proceeding and sale of the Property. Lender shall further inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration and the right to assert in the foreclosure proceeding the non-existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and foreclosure. If the default is not cured by this Security Instrument as specified, Lender at its option may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument. Lender at its option may foreclose this Security Instrument by judicial proceeding. Lender shall be entitled to collect all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this Section 22, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees and costs of title evidence to the extent permitted by Applicable Law.

## Release
23. Release. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, this Security Instrument and the estate conveyed shall terminate and become void. After such occurrence, Lender shall discharge and satisfy this Security Instrument. Borrower shall pay any recordation costs. Lender may charge Borrower a fee for releasing this Security Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under Applicable Law.

## Waivers
24. Waivers. Borrower, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, waives and releases any error or defects in proceedings to enforce this Security Instrument, and hereby waives the benefit of any present or future laws providing for stay of execution, extension of time, exemption from attachment, levy and sale, and homestead exemption.

## Reinstatement Period
25. Reinstatement Period. Borrower's time to reinstate provided in Section 18 shall extend to one hour prior to the commencement of bidding at a sheriff's sale or other sale pursuant to this Security Instrument.

## Purchase Money Mortgage
26. Purchase Money Mortgage. If any of the debt secured by this Security Instrument is lent to Borrower to acquire title to the Property, this Security Instrument shall be a purchase money mortgage.

## Effect of Survival Events
27. Effect of Survival Events. Both before and after any Survival Event, as defined below, Borrower shall:
- (a) pay Funds for Escrow Items or pay Escrow Items directly as provided in Section 3 of this Security Instrument;

---

# FHA Pennsylvania Mortgage with MERS
## Page 17 of 19

(b) pay the amounts and take the actions required by Section 4 of this Security Instrument;

(c) maintain insurance coverages and take the other actions required by Section 5 of this Security Instrument;

(d) maintain, repair and restore the Property and take the other actions required by Section 7 of this Security Instrument;

(e) if this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, comply with all the provisions of the lease;

(f) treat any amounts disbursed by Lender under Section 9 of this Security Instrument as additional debt of Borrower secured by this Security Instrument;

(g) maintain and pay the premiums for Mortgage Insurance, or make payments to Lender if Mortgage Insurance coverage is not available, and take the other actions required by Section 3 of this Security Instrument;

(h) permit the collection and application of miscellaneous proceeds as required by Section 10 of this Security Instrument;

(i) pay the fees required by Section 13 of this Security Instrument;

(j) continue to abide by the restrictions and take the actions required by Section 21 of this Security Instrument;

(k) pay any collection expenses under Section 22 of this Security Instrument; and

(l) pay interest at the rate payable from time to time under the Note.

"Survival Event" means any of the following:

1. any default described in the Note;
2. Lender requiring Borrower to pay immediately the full amount of Principal which has not been paid and all the interest that Borrower owes on that amount under the Note;
3. Lender requiring immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument as described in the Note and Sections 17 and 22 of this Security Instrument;
4. the Maturity Date as defined in the Note;
5. the entry of any judgment against Borrower under the Note; and
6. the entry of any judgment under this Security Instrument.

---
FHA Pennsylvania Mortgage with MERS  
IDS, Inc. - 59448                     Page 17 of 19  
Borrower(s) Initials _______        1/2015 (rev. 7/2015)

---

# Commonwealth of PENNSYLVANIA
## County of Montgomery

This record was acknowledged before me on **7th September 2012** by Paden K Hinds.

### Stamp
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania - Notary Seal  
notary public  
Bucks County  
My Commission Expires May 8, 2022  
Commission Number: 1240792  

### Notary Information
- Signature of notary officer: *Signed*
- Title of office: **Notary**  
  My commission expires: **May 8, 2022**

### Loan Originator Information
- Loan originator (Organization): Gateway Mortgage Group, a division of Gateway First Bank; NMLS # 7233  
- Loan originator (Individual): Lori Fox, NMLS # 141401

### Document Details
- **FHA Pennsylvania Mortgage with MERS**  
  IDS, Inc. - 59446  
  Page 18 of 18  
  12/2015 (rev. 7/2015)

### Borrower Acknowledgement
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this Security Instrument and in any Rider executed by Borrower and recorded with it.

### Borrower Signatures
- **Paden K Hinds** (Seal) - Borrower  
- (Seal) - Borrower

---

# Certificate of Residence

I, Rayna Brinlee, do hereby certify that the correct address of the within-named Mortgagee is 1901 E Voorhees Street, Suite C, Danville, IL 61834, P.O. Box 2026, Flint MI 48501-2026.

Witness my hand this 20th day of 
- Agent of Mortgagee

---
### FHA Pennsylvania Mortgage with MERS
IDS, Inc. - 3PH96  
Page 19 of 19  
1/2015 (rev. 7/2016)  
Borrower(s) initials _______

Barcode: 
|||||||||||||||

---

# ALTA Commitment for Title Insurance
Issued by  
First American Title Insurance Company  
Commitment Number  
MBA-10316

## Exhibit A

Commitment No. MBA-10316

The Land referred to herein below is situated in the County of Montgomery, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and is described as follows:

ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground situate in Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, at a corner formed by the intersection of the Southeast side of Thompson Road with the Northerly side of Edgewood Road; thence extending Northeastward, one hundred nineteen and thirty four one hundredths feet to a point; thence still along said road on a curve to the right, a distance of nine and seventy eight one hundredths feet; thence Southeastward seventy five and thirty six one hundredths feet; thence along the Northerly side of Edgewood Road, and thence along the said side of Edgewood Road on a curve to the right, a distance of eighty six and eighty four one hundredths feet to a point in the Northerly side of Edgewood Road; thence Southwesterly ninety nine one hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of BEGINNING.

BEING Lot No. 51 on Plan of Edgewood Road recorded at Norristown in Deed Book No. 676, Page 500.

PARCEL NO. 31-00-25936-00-7

BEING the same premises which Arthur J. Norton, by Deed dated 10/07/2005 and recorded 11/16/2006 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds in and for the County of Montgomery in Deed Book 5579, Page 1371, granted and conveyed unto Louise Crawford.

AND the said Louise Crawford is also known as Louisa Coyle.

---
Form 5000000-EX (7-1-14)  
Page 5 of 6  
Multipurpose Exhibit A

---

# RECORDER OF DEEDS
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY
### Jeanne Sorg

One Montgomery Plaza  
Swede and Airy Streets ~ Suite 303  
P.O. Box 311 ~ Norristown, PA 19404  
Office: (610) 278-3289 ~ Fax: (610) 278-3869

---
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY ROD

### OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE

**Document Type:** Mortgage Assignment  
**Document Date:** 03/23/2022  
**Transaction #:** 6584556 - 1 Doc(s)  
**Document Page Count:** 2  
**Reference Info:** djohnson1  
**RETURN TO:** (Simplified)  
Meridian Asset Services  
3201 34th street south suite 310  
Saint Petersburg, FL 33711  
(727) 497-4650  

**PROPERTY DATA:**  
- **Parcel ID #:** 31-00-25936-00-7  
- **Address:**  
8321 THOMSON RD  
ELKINS PARK - PA  
19027  
- **Municipality:** Cheltenham Township (100%)  
- **School District:** Cheltenham  
- **ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S):** MTG BK 14761 PG 00065

**FEES / TAXES:**  
- Recording Fee: Mortgage $80.75  
- Assignment $1.00  
- Additional Names Fee $81.75  
- **Total:** $81.75

**MTG BK 15591 PG 00063 to 00065**  
Recorded Date: 05/17/2022 02:15:33 PM  

I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

**Jeanne Sorg**  
Recorder of Deeds

Rev1 2016-01-29

---
**PLEASE DO NOT DETACH**  
THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT

NOTE: If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.  
*COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA. PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

---

# ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE

Prepared By:  
Dave LaRose/NTC, 2100 Alt. 19  
North, Palm Harbor, FL 34683  
(800)346-9152  

When Recorded Return To:  
Gateway First Bank  
C/O Nationwide Title Clearing, LLC  
2100 Alt. 19 North  
Palm Harbor, FL 34683  

Loan number:  
Parcel ID Number 31-00-25936-00-7  

## MONTGOMERY COUNTY COMMISSIONERS REGISTRY  
31-00-25936-00-7  CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP  
5321 THOMSON RD  
HIRDS PADEN K  
$15.00  
656 L81 U012 1101 05/09/2022 HW  

## ASSIGNMENT OF MORTGAGE

FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned **MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. ("MERS")**, AS MORTGAGEE, AS NOMINEE FOR **GATEWAY MORTGAGE GROUP, A DIVISION OF GATEWAY FIRST BANK**, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, (ASSIGNEE), (MERS Address: 1901 E. Voorhees St., Suite C, Danville, IL 61834) by these presents does convey, grant, assign, transfer and set over the described MORTGAGE together with all, and singular rights thereto, and not as individual capacity but solely as Legal Title Trustee FOR **RMT1 TRUST, SERIES 2021 BKM-TT**, WHOSE ADDRESS IS 7114 E. STETSON DRIVE, SUITE 240, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85251, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, (ASSIGNEE).

The mortgage is dated 09/29/2019, in the amount of $331,913.00, made by **PAIDEN K HINDS** to **MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC.**, AS MORTGAGEE, AS NOMINEE FOR **GATEWAY MORTGAGE GROUP, A DIVISION OF GATEWAY FIRST BANK**, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, recorded on 09/29/2019, and Page Book 14761 and Page 000695 in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds of **MONTGOMERY** County, Pennsylvania.

Property is commonly known as: 8321 THOMSON RD CHEILTENHAM TOWNSHIP, ELKINS PARK, PA 19017-1753.  

Dated as of: **5 / 23 /2022 (MM/DD/YYYY)**  

### MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. ("MERS")**, AS MORTGAGEE, AS NOMINEE FOR **GATEWAY MORTGAGE GROUP, A DIVISION OF GATEWAY FIRST BANK**, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS  

By:  
Wendell Baughman III  
VICE PRESIDENT  

All persons whose signatures appear above have qualified authority to sign and have reviewed this document and supporting documentation prior to signing.  

GWMC2  
MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. (MERS) PPRPC N1  
MIN: 1602277150009318 MERS Phone: 1-888-679-6397 MERS Mailing Addresses: 1901 E. Voorhees St.,  
Suite C, Danville, IL 61834; P.O. Box 2026, Flint, MI 48501-2026  
FRMPA1  
---

---

# STATE OF FLORIDA COUNTY OF PINELLAS

The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me by means of [X] physical presence or [ ] online notarization on **03/23/2022 (MM/DD/YYYY)**, by Wendell Baughman III as VICE PRESIDENT of MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. (“MERS”), as MORTGAGEE, AS NOMINEE FOR GATEWAY MORTGAGE GROUP, A DIVISION OF GATEWAY FIRST BANK, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, who, as such VICE PRESIDENT being authorized to do so, executed the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained. He/she/they is (are) personally known to me.

- Notary Public - STATE OF FLORIDA
- Julie Martens
- Notary Public
- State of Florida
- Comm. # GG 221059
- Expires: 05/22/2022

MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. (“MERS”), AS MORTGAGEE, AS NOMINEE FOR GATEWAY MORTGAGE GROUP, A DIVISION OF GATEWAY FIRST BANK, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, (ASSIGNOR), (MERS Address: 1981 E Voorhees St., Suite C, Danville, IL 61834)

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY AS LEGAL TITLE TRUSTEE FOR RMP TRUST, SERIES 2021 BKM-TT, WHOSE ADDRESS IS 7114 E. STETSON DRIVE, SUITE 250, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85251, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, (ASSIGNEE)

Mortgagor: PADEN K HINDS

All that certain lot or piece of ground situated in Mortgage Premises: **8321 THOMPSON RD CHEILTENHAM TOWNSHIP (Borough or Township, if stated), Commonswealth of Pennsylvania.** Being more particularly described as said Mortgage.

I, Wendell Baughman III, hereby certify that the below information and address for the assignee are correct:

- U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, NOT IN ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY BUT SOLELY AS LEGAL TITLE TRUSTEE FOR RMP TRUST, SERIES 2021 BKM-TT, WHOSE ADDRESS IS 7114 E. STETSON DRIVE, SUITE 250, SCOTTSDALE, AZ 85251, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, (ASSIGNEE)

By:  
Wendell Baughman III  
VICE PRESIDENT

All persons whose signatures appear above have qualified authority to sign and have reviewed this document and supporting documentation prior to signing.

GWGM62  
MORTGAGE ELECTRONIC REGISTRATION SYSTEMS, INC. (MERS)  
1901 E. Voorhees St., Suite 1500  
Danville, IL 61834  
P.O. Box 2026, Plano, IL 75065-2026  
[PREP-21] FRMPA1  
[PPRC-NI MIN 1000287150000918 MERS 1-888-679-6377 MERS Mailing Addresses: 1901 E. Vorhees St., Suite 1500 Danville, IL 61834]

---

# RECORDER OF DEEDS
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Jeanne Sorg

One Montgomery Plaza  
Swede and Airy Streets ~ Suite 303  
P.O. Box 311 ~ Norristown, PA 19404  
Office: (610) 278-3289 ~ Fax: (610) 278-3869

---
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY ROD
### OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE

**Document Type:** Mortgage Modification  
**Document Date:** 06/07/2023  
**Transaction #:**  
**Document Page Count:**  
**Reference Info:** (Simplified)  
**RETURN TO:** (Simplified)  
First American Title Insurance Company  
3 First American Way  
Southfield, CA 2707-6913  
(714) 250-4260  

**PROPERTY DATA:**  
- **Parcel ID #:** 31-00-25936-00-7  
- **Address:**  
8321 THOMSON RD  
ELKINS PARK PA 19027  

- **Municipality:** Cheltenham Township (100%)  
- **School District:** Cheltenham  
- **ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S):** MTG BK 14761 PG 00065  

**FEES / TAXES:**  
- Recording Fee: Mortgage Modification $59.50  
- Additional Pages Fee $4.00  
- **Total:** $63.50  

**PAID BY:**  
FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY  

**MTG BK 15812 PG 02619 to 02625**  
**INSTRUMENT #:** 2023049267  
**RECORDED DATE:** 09/15/2023 02:29:42 PM  

I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

**Jeanne Sorg**  
Recorder of Deeds  

---
**Rev1 2016-01-29**

## Important Notice
### PLEASE DO NOT DETACH  
THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT  

**NOTE:** If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.  
"*COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA, PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION"

---

# LOAN MODIFICATION AGREEMENT

## Document Details

- **Recording Return To:** 
  Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC
  ATTIN: Collateral Dept.
  8516 Freeport Parkway, Suite 100
  Irving, TX 75063

- **Document Prepared By:**
  TIM LIGHTFOOT
  Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC
  8516 Freeport Parkway, Suite 100
  Irving, TX 75063

## Property and Recording Information

- **Montgomery County Commissioners Registry**
  31 W. WESCOTT AVE. SUITE 101, CHELTERHAM TOWNSHIP
  8321 THOMPSON RD
  ELKINS PARK, PA 19027
  B# 506 L#1 USPS #: 131 WKH 33B393 

- **Recording Details:**
  - **Space Above This Line For Recording Date:** 
  - Original Recording Date: September 24, 2019
  - **Recording Information:** $319,113.00
  - New Money: $260,260.50

## Loan Information

- **Parcel ID Number:** 31808259335007
- **Loan No.:** 4402926197
- **Investor Loan No.:** 73954
- **FHA Case No.:** 446-5349267-703

## Loan Modification Agreement

This Loan Modification Agreement (“Agreement”), made this 7th day of June, 2023, between PADEN K. HRODN, whose address is 128 CHESTNUT ST. STE. 101, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19106 (“Borrower”) and Owner, U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Trustee for RMFT, Series 2021 EMTN-I and through Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC which is organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, and whose address is 8516 Freeport Parkway, Suite 100, Irving, TX 75063 (“Lender”), amends and supplements (1) the Mortgage, Deed of Trust, or Security Deed (the “Security Instrument”) dated September 26, 2019 and recorded on September 24, 2019, of Record in the Official Records No. of MONTGOMERY COUNTY, PA (the “Recording Date”) which secures, or together with the Security Instrument, which covers the real and personal property described in the Security Instrument and defined therein as the “Property” located at:

- **Property Address:** 
  8321 THOMPSON RD
  ELKINS PARK, PA 19027

  as the real property described being set forth as follows:

  See Exhibit “A” attached hereto and made a part hereof;

In consideration of the mutual promises and agreements exchanged, the parties hereto agree as follows (notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Note or Security Instrument):

---

# MTO BK 15812 PO 02821
## MONCO

09/15/2023 02:29:42 PM

### 1. Unpaid Principal Balance and Interest

As of July 1, 2023, the amount payable under the Note and the Security Instrument (the “Unpaid Principal Balance”) is U.S. $343,368.44, consisting of the amount(s) loaned to Borrower by Lender plus capitalized interest in the amount of $82,284.40 and other amounts capitalized, which is limited to escrow and any legal fees and related foreclosure costs that may have been accrued for work completed.

### 2. Payment Terms

- Borrower promises to pay the Unpaid Principal Balance, plus interest, to the order of Lender. Interest will be charged on the Unpaid Principal Balance at the yearly rate of 7.250%, from July 1, 2023. Borrower promises to make monthly payments of principal and interest of U.S. $2,195.41, beginning on the 1st day of August, 2023, and continuing thereafter on the same day of each succeeding month until principal and interest are paid in full, or on July 1, 2063 (the “Maturity Date”). Borrower also owes amounts under the Note and the Security Instrument, as amended by this Agreement. Borrower will pay these amounts in full on the Maturity Date.

### 3. Acceleration and Transfer of Property

- If all or any part of the Property or any interest in the Property is sold or transferred (or if Borrower is not a natural person and a beneficial interest in Borrower is sold or transferred) without Lender's prior written consent. Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by the Security Instrument.
- If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give Borrower notice of acceleration. The notice shall provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is delivered or mailed within which Borrower must pay all sums secured by the Security Instrument. If Borrower fails to pay these sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by the Security Instrument without further notices or demand on Borrower.

### 4. Additional Covenants and Agreements

- Borrower also will comply with all other covenants, agreements, and requirements of the Security Instrument, including without limitation, Borrower’s covenants and agreements to make all payments of taxes, insurance premiums, assessments, escrow items, impounds, and all other payments that Borrower is obligated to make under the Security Instrument; however, the following terms and provisions are forever canceled, null and void, as of the date specified in paragraph No. 1 above:

(a) all terms and provisions of the Note and Security Instrument (if any) providing for, implementing, or relating to, any change or adjustment in the rate of interest payable under the Note; and

(b) all terms and provisions of any adjustable rate rider, or other instrument or document that is affixed to, wholly or partially incorporated into, or is part of, the Note or Security Instrument and that contains such terms and provisions as those referred to in (a) above.

### 5. Bankruptcy Discharge

- If the Borrower has, since Inception of this loan but prior to this Agreement, received a discharge entering into this Agreement in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, and there having been no valid reaffirmation of the underlying debt, by entering into this Agreement, the Lender is not attempting to re-establish any personal liability for the underlying debt.

---

# Agreement Details
## Section 6: Agreement Terms
Nothing in this Agreement shall be understood or construed to be a satisfaction or release in whole or in part of the Note and Security Instrument. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, the Note and Security Instrument will remain unchanged, and Borrower and Lender will be bound by, and comply with, all of the terms and provisions thereof, as amended by this Agreement.

## Section 7: Additional Documents
Borrower agrees to make and execute other documents or papers as may be necessary to effectuate the terms and conditions of this Agreement which, if approved and accepted by Lender, shall bind and inure to the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns of the Borrower.

## Section 8: Modification of Obligation
This Agreement modifies an obligation secured by an existing security instrument recorded in MONTGOMERY County, PA, upon which all recorded taxes have been paid. As of the date of this agreement, the unpaid principal balance of the original obligation secured by the existing security instrument is $318,682.71. The principal balance secured by the existing security instrument as a result of this Agreement is $343,365.44, which amount represents the excess of the unpaid principal balance of this original obligation.

---
## Borrower Information
* Borrower: PADEN K HINDS

## Date and Acknowledgments
* Date: 7/28/2023
* [Space Below This Line For Acknowledgments]

## Notary Public Section
COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA - Montgomery County ss:
On this, the **28** day of **July** 2023, before me, Notary Public, personally appeared **PADEN K HINDS**, satisfactorily proven to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the written instrument and acknowledged that he/she/they executed the same for the purpose herein contained.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal.

My commission expires: **Five  3  2026**

* Signature of Notary: 
* Title of Officer: Notary Public

---

# Notary Public Document
## Document Details

- Date: 09/15/2023
- Time: 02:29:42 PM
- MTG BK 15812 PG 02623
- Location: MONTCO

## Owner and Lender Information
Owner: U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee for RMTP Trust, Series 2021 BKM-TT and through Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC

## Notary Public Section
### Acknowledgment
Before me, KIRK P DUNAR (name/title of officer) on this day personally appeared **Tim Lightfoot**, the **_the_**  **Rushmore Loan Management Services, LLC**, known to me or proved to me on the oath or through **_Personally Known_** (description of identity card or other document(s)) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument and acknowledged to me that he executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.

Given under my hand and seal of office this **_Aug 29_**** _2023_**, A.D.

### Notary Public Details
- Signature of Officer: _____________________________
- Title of Officer: NOTARY PUBLIC
- My Commission expires: **24 JUL 2024**

### Notary Public Stamp
- **KIRK P DUNAR**
  - Notary Public, State of Texas
  - Comm. Expires 07-24-2024
  - Notary ID: 12250822

---

# CERTIFICATE OF RESIDENCE

I, 
Agent of Lender

do hereby certify that the present address of the within named lender is:

- Owner, U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as trustee for RMMF Trust, Series 2021 BKMEA-TT and through Rushmore Loan Management Services LLC
- 8516 Freeport Parkway, Suite 100, Irving, TX 75063

Witness my hand this ___ day of ___ , AUG 29 2023

Signature of Agent of Lender

---
 
*HUD MODIFICATION AGREEMENT*
*319 00001 0519*                                                   *(page 1 of 1)*

---

# Exhibit "A"

## Loan Information
- Loan Number: 4402826197
- Property Address: 6321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PA 19027

## Legal Description
The following described property situated in the County of Montgomery, State of Pennsylvania:  
At a concrete marker by the intersection of the southeast side of Thompson Road with the northerly side of Edgewood Road; thence extending northeastward, one hundred nineteen and thirty-four one hundredths feet to a point, thence still along said road on a curve to the left a distance of nine and seventy-three one hundredths feet; thence southeastward seventy and thirty-six one hundredths feet; thence southwestward seventy and eighty-four one hundredths feet to a point in the northerly side of Edgewood Road, and thence along said side of said Edgewood Road as a curve to the right, a distance of one hundred sixty-four and eighty-eight hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of beginning.

---
## Document Details
- **Date and Time:** 09/15/2023 02:29:42 PM
- **Page:** Page 1 of 1
- **Barcode:** 319 12588 06/18 Published A | Legal Descriptions Accepted

---

# RECORDER OF DEEDS MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Jeanne Sorg

## Office Information
- One Montgomery Plaza
- Swede and Airy Streets ~ Suite 303
- P.O. Box 311 ~ Norristown, PA 19404
- Office: (610) 278-3289 ~ Fax: (610) 278-3869

## OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE
### Document Details
- **Document Type:** Mortgage Modification
- **Document Date:** 10/13/2024
- **Transaction #:** 7006925 - 1 Doc(s)
- **Document Page Count:** 11
- **Reference Info:** 
  - **RETURN TO:** (Simpliflile)
  - 2001 NE 46th St Ste 25
  - Kansas City, MO 64110-2000
  - (816) 221-0881

### Recording Information
- **Recorded Date:** 11/04/2024 02:08:43 PM
- **Instrument #:** 2024059148
- **Paid by:** COVIDUS SETTLEMENT SERVICES LLC
- **Operator Id:** dkrasley

### Property Data
- **Parcel ID #:** 31-00-25936-00-7
- **Address:** 8321 THOMSON RD
  - **ELKINS PARK - PA 19027**
- **Municipality:** Cheltenham Township (100%)
  - **School District:** Cheltenham

### Associated Documents
- **MTG BK 14761 PG 00065**

### Fees / Taxes
| Category                | Amount  |
|-------------------------|---------|
| Recording Fee: Mortgage | $80.75  |
| Modification            | $14.00  |
| **Total:**              | **$94.75** |

## Certification
MTG BK 15980 PG 02591 to 02602  
Recorded Date: 11/04/2024 02:08:43 PM  
I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.  
Jeanne Sorg  
Recorder of Deeds

---
## Important Notice
### PLEASE DO NOT DETACH
THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT  

NOTE: If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.  
*COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA. PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION*

---

# MODIFICATION AGREEMENT
### Document Date: 10-13-2024

Recording Requested By/Return To:  
RUSHMORE SERVICING  
999 TECH ROW, #200  
MADISON HEIGHTS, MICHIGAN 48071  
877-888-4623

This Instrument Prepared By:  
NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LLC  
8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD.  
COPPELL, TX 75019

Parcel Identification Number:  
31-00-25936-007  
[Space Above This Line For Recording Data]

### Property Details
- Property Address: 8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19027  
- Loan Number 707843157  
- FHA Case Number 446-4349267703

## Modification Agreement

This Loan Modification Agreement ("Agreement"), effective on **1ST DAY OF DECEMBER, 2024**, between PADEN K HINDS ("Borrower"), whose address is 8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD., COPPELL, TX 75019 and NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LLC ("Lender"), amends and supplements (1) the Mortgage, Deed of Trust, or Security Deed (the "Security Instrument") dated **SEPTEMBER 10, 2019** and recorded on **RECORDED DATE : 09/24/2019** BOOK : **14761** PAGE : **00065** INSTRUMENT NUMBER : **2019066976** and (2) the Note (the "Note") whose original principal sum of **U.S. $319,113.00**, bearing the same date as, and secured by, the Security Instrument, which covers the real and personal property described in the Security Instrument and defined therein as the "Property". located at

### Property Address
8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19027  
(Property Address)

The real property described being set forth as follows:

### Legal Description
LEGAL DESCRIPTION:  
THE LAND REFERRED TO HEREIN BELOW IS SITUATED IN THE COUNTY OF MONTGOMERY, COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, AND IS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: ALL THAT CERTAIN LOT OR PIECE OF GROUND SITUATE IN CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP, MONTGOMERY COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, AT A CORNER FORMED BY THE INTERSECTION OF THE

91003004v2.4.4  
Rev. 10/16  
Version 1.0.1 08  
(page 1 of 10)

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## Property Description

SOUTHEAST SIDE OF THOMPSON ROAD WITH THE NORTHERLY SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD; THENCE EXTENDING NORTHEASTWARD, ONE HUNDRED NINETEEN AND THIRTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT; THENCE STILL ALONG SAID ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE LEFT, A DISTANCE OF NINE AND SEVENTY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHEASTWARD SEVENTY FIVE AND THIRTY SIX ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY NINETY SIX AND EIGHTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT IN THE NORTHERLY SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD, AND THENCE ALONG THE SAID SIDE OF SAID EDGEWOOD ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, A DISTANCE OF ONE HUNDRED SIXTY FOUR AND NINETY NINE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO THE FIRST MENTIONED POINT AND PLACE OF BEGINNING. BEING LOT NO. 51 ON PLAN OF EDGEWOOD ROAD RECORDED AT NORRISTOWN IN DEED BOOK NO. 676, PAGE 500.

Modification Agreement Effective Date: DECEMBER 01, 2024  
Original Mortgage Amount: $319,113.00  
Tax Parcel No.: 31-00-25936-007

## Representations and Covenants

If my representations and covenants in Section 1 continue to be true in all material respects, then this Modification Agreement (“Agreement”) will, as set forth in Section 3, amend and supplement (1) the Security Instrument on the Property, and (2) the Promissory Note secured by the Security Instrument and the Original Note together, as they may previously have been amended, are referred to as the “Loan Documents.” Except for “Subordinate Security Instrument” and “Subordinate Note” and capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not defined herein, all defined terms have the meaning given to them in Loan Documents.

I understand that after I sign and return the Subordinate Note, Subordinate Security Instrument, and two copies of this Agreement to the Lender, the Lender will send me a signed copy of this Agreement. This Agreement will not take effect unless the preconditions set forth in Section 2 have been satisfied.

### My Representations and Covenants

I certify, represent to Lender, covenant and agree:

1. 
A. I am experiencing a financial hardship, and as a result, (i) I am in default under the Loan Documents or my default is imminent, and, (ii) I do not have sufficient income or access to sufficient liquid assets to cure the default or to make the monthly mortgage payments now or in the near future;

B. The Property has not been condemned;

C. There has been no impermissible change in the ownership of the Property since I signed the Loan Documents. A permissible change would be any transfer that that Lender is required by law to allow, such as a transfer to add or remove a family member, spouse or domestic partner of the undersigned in the event of a death, divorce or marriage;

D. Under penalty of perjury, all documents and information I have provided to Lender in connection with this Agreement, including the documents and information regarding my eligibility for the Program, are true and correct; and

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## Acknowledgements and Preconditions to Modification
I understand and acknowledge that:

A. If prior to the Modification Effective Date as set forth in Section 3 the Lender determines that any of my representations in Section 1 are no longer true and correct or any covenant in Section 1 has not been performed, the Loan Documents will not be modified, this Agreement will terminate, and the Subordinate Note and Subordinate Security Instrument will not be in effect. In that event, the Lender will have all of the rights and remedies provided by the Loan Documents; and

B. I understand that the Loan Documents will not be modified unless (i) the Lender accepts this Agreement by signing and returning a copy of it to me, and (ii) the Modification Effective Date (as defined in Section 3) has occurred. I further understand and agree that the Lender will not be obligated or bound to make any modification of the Loan Documents if I fail to meet any one of the requirements under this Agreement.

## The Modification
If my representations and covenants in Section 1 continue to be true in all material respects and all preconditions to the modification set forth in Section 2 have been met, the Loan Documents will automatically become modified on DECEMBER 01, 2024 (the "Modification Effective Date") and all unpaid late charges that remain unpaid to the Lender but not previously waived.

A. The Maturity Date will be: NOVEMBER 01, 2024.

B. The current Total Outstanding Balance of my loan includes all unpaid principal and amounts that will be past due as of the Modification Effective Date. The current Total Outstanding Balance of my Original Note includes unpaid principal, unpaid and deferred interest, projected escrow shortages, escrow advances and other costs, but excludes Outstanding Balance of my Original Note. The current Total Outstanding Balance of my loan is $400,321.78.

C. The Total Outstanding Balance will be reduced by $7,401.80. This amount will be included in a new, non-interest bearing Subordinate Note ("Subordinate Note"), payable to HUD, and will not be due until the Original Note is paid off, matures, or I sell the property, whichever is earliest.

D. The Total Outstanding Balance less the amount of the Subordinate Note, or $393,119.08, will be the New Principal Balance of my Original Note. Interest at the rate of 6.3750% will begin to accrue on the New Principal Balance as of NOVEMBER 01, 2024 and the first new monthly payment on the New Principal Balance will be due on DECEMBER 01, 2024.

My payment schedule for the modified Loan is as follows:

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## Loan Details

| Years | Interest Rate | Interest Rate Change Date | Monthly Principal and Interest Payment Amount | Estimated Monthly M and E Escrow Payment Amount | Total Monthly Payment* | Payment Begins On | Number of Monthly Payments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 40 | 6.3750% | 11-01-2024 | $2,266.63 | $1,366.62* **may adjust periodically** | $3,633.25 | 12-01-2024 | 480 |

*The escrow payments may be adjusted periodically in accordance with applicable law and therefore my total monthly payment may change accordingly.

The above terms in this Section 3.D. shall supersede any provisions to the contrary in the Loan Documents, including but not limited to, provisions for an adjustable, step or simple interest rate or for a graduated or growing-equity payment schedule.

I understand that, if I have a pay option adjustable rate mortgage loan, upon modification, no longer be offered and that the monthly payments described in the above payment schedule for my modified Loan will be the minimum payment that will be due each month for the remaining term of the Loan. My modified Loan will not have a negative amortization feature that would allow me to pay less than the interest due resulting in any unpaid interest being added to the outstanding principal balance.

E. I will be in default if I do not comply with the terms of the Loan Documents, as modified by this Agreement.

F. If a default rate of interest is permitted under the Loan Documents, then in the event of default under the Loan Documents, as amended, the interest that will be due will be the rate set forth in Section 3.D.

G. I agree to pay in full the Subordinate Note and any other amounts still owed under the Loan Documents by the earliest of: (i) the date I sell or transfer an interest in the Property, (ii) the date I pay all amounts due and owing under the Original Note, including any subsequent modifications to the Original Note, or (iii) the new Maturity Date set forth in Section 3.A. above.

## Additional Agreements

I agree to the following:

A. That all persons who signed the Loan Documents or their authorized representative(s) have signed this Agreement, the Subordinate Note, and the Subordinate Security Instrument, unless (i) borrower or co-borrower is deceased; (ii) the borrower and co-borrower are divorced and the property has been transferred to one spouse in the divorce decree, the spouse who no longer has an interest in the property need not sign this Agreement (although the non-signing spouse may continue to be held liable for the 

---
91003004v2.4  
Rev. 10/16  
Versing 10. 10. 2024 01. 01. 08  
(page 4 of 10)

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## Terms and Conditions

B. That this Agreement, the Subordinate Note, and the Subordinate Security Instrument shall supersede the terms of any modification, forbearance, trial period plan or other workout plan that I previously entered into with Lender.

C. To comply, except to the extent that they are modified by this Agreement, the Subordinate Note, and the Subordinate Security Instrument, with all covenants, agreements, and requirements of the Loan Documents including my agreement to make all payments of taxes, insurance, premiums, assessments, Escrow items, impounds, and all other payments, the amount of which may change periodically over the term of my Loan.

D. That this Agreement constitutes notice that the Lender's waiver as to payment of Escrow items, if any, has been revoked, and I have been advised of the amount needed to fully fund my escrow account.

E. That the Loan Documents as modified by this Agreement are duly valid, binding agreements, enforceable in accordance with their terms and are hereby reaffirmed. The Loan Documents constitute a first lien on the Property and are in no way prejudiced by this Agreement.

F. That all terms and provisions of the Loan Documents, except as expressly modified by this Agreement, the Subordinate Note, and the Subordinate Security Instrument, remain in full force and effect; nothing in this Agreement or the Subordinate Note, or the Subordinate Security Instrument shall be understood or construed to be a satisfaction or release in whole or in part of the obligations provided for in, and as otherwise specifically modified by, this Agreement, the Subordinate Note, and the Subordinate Security Instrument; the Lender and I will be bound by, and will comply with, all of the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents.

G. That the mortgage insurance premiums on my loan may increase and the date on which I may request cancellation of mortgage insurance may change as a result of this loan modification.

H. That, as of the Modification Effective Date, notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Documents, if all or any part of the Property or any interest in it is sold or transferred without Lender's prior written consent, Lender may, at its option, require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by the Security Instrument. Lender shall not exercise this option if state or federal law, rules or regulations prohibit the exercise of such option as of the date of such sale or transfer. If Lender exercises this option, Lender shall give me notice of acceleration. The notice shall provide a period of not less than 30 days from the date the notice is delivered or mailed within which I must pay all sums secured by the Subordinate Security Instrument. If I fail to pay these sums prior to the expiration of this period, Lender may invoke any remedies permitted by the Security Instrument without further notice or demand on me.

I. That, as of the Modification Effective Date, I understand that the Lender will only allow the transfer and assumption of the Loan, including this Agreement, to a transferee of my

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## Section J

J. That, as of the Modification Effective Date, if any provision in the Original Note or in any addendum or amendment to the Original Note, allows for a penalty for full or partial prepayment of the Original Note, such provision is null and void.

## Section K

K. That, I will cooperate fully with Lender in obtaining any title endorsement(s), or similar title insurance product(s), and/or subordination agreement(s) that are necessary or required by the Lender's procedures to ensure that the modified mortgage Loan is in first lien position and/or is fully enforceable upon modification and that, if, under any circumstance and not withstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, the Lender does not receive such title endorsement(s), title insurance product(s) and/or subordination agreement(s), then the terms of this Agreement will not become effective on the Modification Effective Date and the Agreement will be null and void.

## Section L

L. That, if any foreclosure action against me is dismissed as a result of entering into this Agreement, I will remain liable for and bear my own attorney fees and costs incurred in connection with such action, as permitted by applicable law.

## Section M

M. That I will execute such other documents as may be reasonably necessary to either (i) consummate the terms and conditions of this Agreement; or (ii) correct the terms and conditions of this Agreement if an error is detected after execution of this Agreement. I understand that either a corrected Agreement or a letter agreement containing the correction will be provided to me for my signature. At Lender's option, this Agreement will be void and of no legal effect upon notice of such error. If I elect not to sign any such corrective documentation, the terms of the original Loan Documents shall continue in full force and effect, and such terms will not be modified by this Agreement, and I will not be eligible for a modification.

## Section N

N. That if any document related to the Loan Documents and/or this Agreement is lost, misplaced, misstated, inaccurately reflects the true and correct terms and conditions of the Loan as modified, or is otherwise missing, I will comply with the Lender's request to execute, acknowledge, initial and deliver to the Lender any documentation the Lender deems necessary. All documents the Lender requests of me under this Section 4.N. shall be referred to as "Documents". I agree to deliver the Documents within ten (10) days after I receive the Lender's written request for such replacement.

## Section 5

5. If I have been granted a discharge in bankruptcy with respect to the Original Note and Security Instrument prior to the execution of this Agreement nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to be an attempt to collect any discharge debt against me personally or an attempt to revive personal liability. However I acknowledge that Lender retains certain rights, including but not limited to the right to foreclose its lien evidenced by the Security Instrument under appropriate circumstances. The parties agree that the consideration for this Agreement is Lender's forbearance from presently exercising its rights and pursuing its remedies under the Security Instrument as a result of my default thereunder.

---
 
Rev. 10/01/18  
Ver. 1.0  
10 10 2024 01 01 08  

91003004v2.4  
(page 6 of 10)

---

# Loan Number 707843157
## (SIGNATURES CONTINUE ON FOLLOWING PAGES)

---
### Document Information
- Date: 11/04/2024
- Time: 02:08:43 PM
- MTG BK 15980 PG 02598
- MONTC

### Document Details
- 910033004v24.4
- Rev. 10/16
- Version: 10.10.2024.01.01.08
- (page 7 of 10)

---

# Loan Number 707843157
## Document Details

In Witness Whereof, the Borrower(s) have executed this agreement.

- Borrower - **PADEN K HINDS**

Execution Date: **10/24/24**

## Notary Information
### State of PENNSYLVANIA
#### County of **Montgomery**

On this, the **26** day of **October**, **2024**, before me, the undersigned officer, personally appeared **PADEN K HINDS**, known to me (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that he/she/they executed the same for the purposes therein contained.

In witness whereof, I hereunto set my hand and official seals.

Place Seal Below

### Notary Seal Information
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania - Notary Seal  
Gary Goldenetz, Notary Public  
Montgomery County  
My commission expires **November 22, 2025**  
Commission number **1069091**  
Member: Pennsylvania Association of Notaries

- Notary Signature: **Sigky Goldstine**
- Notary Printed Name: **GARY GOLDSTEIN**
- Title of Officer: **Notary Public**
- My Commission Expires: **Nov/22/2025**

[ ] This notarial act involved the use of communication technology.

---

# Loan Number 707843157

In Witness Whereof, the Lender has accepted and executed this Agreement.

## Lender
- **Nationstar Mortgage LLC**
  - By: _____________________________________
  - Printed Name: Jin Moo Binene
  - Title: Vice President
  - Execution Date: OCT 31 2024

---
## Document Details
- **91003004v24.4**
- Rev. 10/16
- Version 10 19 2024 01 01 08
- (page 9 of 10)

---

# State of MICHIGAN
## County of OAKLAND

### Loan Information
- Loan Number: 707843157

### Acknowledgement
Acknowledged by **Jin Moo Binene**, Vice President of Nationstar Mortgage LLC, a Limited Liability Corporation before me on the **3rd** day of **2024**.

### Notary Information
- Signature: _____________________________________
- Printed name: **Teodora Apopei**
- Notary public, State of **MICHIGAN**, County of **Macomb**
- My commission expires: **DEC 21 2028**
- Acting in the County of **OAKLAND**

### Notary Public Details
**TEODORA APOPEI**  
**NOTARY PUBLIC - STATE OF MICHIGAN**  
**COUNTY OF MACOMB**  
My Commission Expires **December 21, 2028**  
Acting In the County of **Macomb**

---

# CERTIFICATE OF RESIDENCE

## FOR LENDER SIGNATURE ONLY

Loan Number 707843157

I, **Jin Moo Binare**, do hereby certify that the correct address of the within-named lender is **8950 Cypress Waters Blvd., Coppell, TX 75019**, witness my hand this **31 day of OCT, 2024**.

- Signed: 
- **Agent of Lender**

---
## Document Details

* **Date:** 11/04/2024 02:08:43 PM
* **MTG BK 15980 PG 02802**
* **MONTCo**

---

# MONTGOMERY COUNTY ROD

## OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE

### Document Information
- **Document Type:** Mortgage
- **Document Date:** 06/07/2023
- **Reference Info:** (Simplifile)
- **RETURN TO:** First American Title Insurance Company  
  3 First American Way  
  Southfield, MI 48037-5913  
  (810) 270-3913  
  (714) 250-4260

### PROPERTY DATA
- **Parcel ID #:** 31-00-259336-00-7
- **Address:** 8321 THOMSON RD  
  ELKINS PARK, PA 19027
- **Municipality:** Cheltenham Township (100%)
- **School District:** Cheltenham

### ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S)
- **FEES / TAXES:**
  - Recording Fee: Mortgage $65.50
  - Additional Pages Fee $4.00
  - Affordable Housing Pages $4.00
  - **Total:** $73.50

### Recording Details
- **Transaction #:** 
- **Document Page Count:** 6
- **Operator Id:** shelfer
- **PAID BY:** FIRST AMERICAN TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY

### Certification
I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

### Recorded Details
- **MTG BK 15808 PG 00405 to 00411**
- **INSTRUMENT #:** 2023047055
- **RECORDED DATE:** 09/05/2023 10:52:02 AM

### Official Information
- **Recorder of Deeds:** Jeanne Sorg  
  One Montgomery Plaza  
  Swede and Airy Streets ~ Suite 303  
  P.O. Box 311 - Norristown, PA 19404  
  Office: (610) 278-3289 - Fax: (610) 278-3869

### Note
PLEASE DO NOT DETACH  
THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT  
NOTE: If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.  
*COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA, PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION*

---

# PARTIAL CLAIM MORTGAGE

This Partial Claim Mortgage (“Security Instrument”) is given this 7th day of June, 2023. 
The Mortgagor is PADEN K HINDS, whose address is 128 CHESTNUT ST STE 301B, PHILADELPHIA, PA 19106 (“Borrower”). This Security Instrument is given to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, whose address is 451 Seventh St NW, Washington, DC 20410 ( herein “Lender”). 
Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of NINETY FIVE THOUSAND SEVEN AND 83/100 Dollars (U.S. $95,607.83). This debt is evidenced by Borrower’s note dated the same date as this Security Instrument (“Note”), which provides for the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable on July 1, 2063.

And this Security instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all other sums, with interest, advanced under Paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower’s covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower does hereby mortgage, grant and convey to Lender and Lender’s successors and assigns with power of sale, the following described property located in the County of MONTGOMERY, State of PENNSYLVANIA.

---
## Recording Information
- After Recording Return To:  
Rushmore Loan Management Services  
LLC  
ATTN: Collateral Dept.  
8616 Freeport Parkway, Suite 100  
Irving, TX 75063  
Phone:  

- This Document Prepared By:  
TIM LIGHTFOOT  
Rushmore Loan Management Services  
LLC  
8616 Freeport Parkway, Suite 100  
Irving, TX 75063  

## Mortgage Details
- Parcel ID Number: 310025936007  
- Loan No: 4402826197  
- FHA Case No.: 446-4349227-703  

## Payment and Fees
- MONTGOMERY COUNTY COMMISSIONERS REGISTRY  
  31-02-29XB-00-7  
  CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP  
  8321 THOMPSON RD  
  HMRC PADEN  
  $15.00  
  JB  

## Document Attributes
- Date: 09/05/2023 10:52:02 AM  
- MTG BK 15808 PG 004006  
- (page 1 of 5)

---

# Security Instrument
See Exhibit "A" attached hereto and made a part hereof;

which has the address of **8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PA 19027** ("Property Address");

TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property".

The BORROWER COVENANTS that borrower is lawfully seized of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to mortgage, grant and convey the Property, and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to encumbrances of record.

THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.

## UNIFORM COVENANTS
Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:

1. **Payment of Principal**: Borrower shall pay when due the principal of the debt evidenced by the Note.

2. **Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver**: Extension of the time of payment of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to any successor in interest of Borrower shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successor in interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.

3. **Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers**: The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower. Borrower's covenants and agreements shall be joint and several. Any Borrower who co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co-signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage Borrower's interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; and (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument; and (c) agrees that Lender and any other Borrower may agree to extend, modify, forbear or make any accommodations with regard to the term of this Security Instrument or the Note without that Borrower's consent.

4. **Notices**: Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail unless Applicable Law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail to: Department of Housing and Urban Development, Attention: Single Family Notes Branch, 451 Seventh Street SW, Washington, DC 20410 or address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this Instrument.

Barcode: **XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX**  
(pages 2 of 5)

---

# Security Instrument Provisions
## Governing Law; Severability
5. Governing Law; Severability. This Security Instrument shall be governed by Federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. In the event that any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note which can be given effect without the conflicting provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.

To this end the provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.

## Borrower's Copy
6. Borrower's Copy. Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.

## Non-Uniform Covenants
Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:

### Acceleration; Remedies
7. Acceleration; Remedies. Lender shall give notice to Borrower prior to acceleration following Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument. Lender shall notify Borrower, among other things: (a) the default; (b) the action required to cure the default; (c) when the default must be cured; and (d) that failure to cure the default as specified may result in acceleration of the sums secured by this Security Instrument, foreclosure by judicial proceeding and sale of the Property. Lender shall further inform Borrower of the right to reinstate after acceleration and the right to assert in the foreclosure proceeding the non-existence of a default or any other defense of Borrower to acceleration and foreclosure. If the default is not cured as specified, Lender at its option may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without any further demand and may foreclose this Security Instrument by judicial proceeding and conduct all expenses incurred in pursuing the remedies provided in this Section 7, including, but not limited to, attorney's fees and costs of title evidence to the extent permitted by Applicable Law.

If the Lender's interest in this Security Instrument is held by the Secretary and the Secretary requires immediate payment in full under Paragraph 4 of the Promissory Note, the Secretary may invoke the power of sale provided in the **Single Family Mortgage Foreclosure Act of 1994** (“Act”) (12 U.S.C. §3751 et seq.) by requesting a foreclosure commissioner designated under the Act to commence foreclosure and to sell the Property as provided by the Act. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall deprive the Secretary of any rights otherwise available to Lender under this paragraph or Applicable Law.

### Release
8. Release. Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, this Security Instrument and the related covenant shall terminate and become void. After such occurrence, Lender shall pay or tender to Borrower all recording costs. Lender may charge Borrower a fee for releasing this Security Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under Applicable Law.

### Waivers
9. Waivers. Borrower, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, waives and releases any error or defects in proceedings to enforce this Security Instrument, and hereby waives the benefit of any present or future laws providing for stay of execution, extension of time, exemption from attachment, levy or sale, and homestead exemption.

### Reinstatement Period
10. Reinstatement Period. Borrower's time to reinstate shall extend to one hour prior to the commencement of bidding at a sheriff's sale or other sale pursuant to this Security Instrument.

### Bankruptcy Discharge
11. Bankruptcy Discharge. If Borrower, subsequent to June 6, 2023, receives discharge in a Chapter 7 bankruptcy, and there is no valid reaffirmation agreement of the underlying debt, Lender will not attempt to re-establish any personal liability for the underlying debt.

---

# 12. Effect of Survival Events
Both before and after any Survival Event, as defined below, Borrower shall:

* (a) pay any collection expenses under Section 7 of this Security Instrument; and
* (b) pay interest at the rate payable from time to time under the Note.

"Survival Event" means any of the following:

* (a) any default described in the Note;
* (b) Lender requiring Borrower to pay immediately the full amount of Principal which has not been paid and all the interest that Borrower owes on that amount under the Note;
* (c) Lender requiring immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument as described in the Note and this Security Instrument;
* (d) the maturity date as stated in the Note;
* (e) the entry of any judgment against Borrower under the Note; and
* (f) the entry of any judgment under this Security Instrument.

BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms and covenants contained in this Security Instrument.

PADEN K HINDS -Borrower
___________________________ (Space Below This Line For Acknowledgments) ___________________________

Date: 7/28/2023

COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, ___________

On this, the **28** day of **July**, **2023**, before me, Notary Public, personally appeared **PADEN K HINDS**, satisfactorily proven to be the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the written instrument and acknowledged that he/she/they executed the same for the purpose herein contained.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal.

My commission expires: **June 30, 2026**

*Commonwealth of Pennsylvania - Notary Seal*

*LILIAN M SHAPIRO - Notary Public*
*Montgomery County PA*
*My Commission Expires: 06/30/2026*
*Commission Number: 1284482* 

Signature of Notary: *_____________*  
Title of Officer: *Notary Public*

---

# CERTIFICATE OF RESIDENCE

I, 
Agent of Lender

do hereby certify that the precise address of the within named lender is:

The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development  
Attention: Single Family Notes Branch  
451 Seventh Street SW  
Washington D.C. 20410  

Witness my hand this _________ day of _________, 20___.

Signature of Agent of Lender

---
*Pennsylvania Housing Finance Agency  
319 8561 06/16*

*image 5 of 5*

---

# Exhibit "A"
## Loan Number: 4402826197
## Property Address: 8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PA 19027

### Legal Description:
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED PROPERTY SITUATED IN THE COUNTY OF MONTGOMERY, STATE OF PENNSYLVANIA: AT A CORNER FORMED BY THE INTERSECTION OF THE SOUTHEAST SIDE OF THOMPSON ROAD WITH THE NORTHERN SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD; THENCE EXTENDING NORTHEASTWARD, ONE HUNDRED NINETEEN AND THIRTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT; THENCE STILL ALONG SAID ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE LEFT, A DISTANCE OF NINE AND SEVENTY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHEASTWARD SEVENTY AND THIRTY SIX ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT IN THE NORTHERNLY SIDE OF SAID EDGEWOOD ROAD; AND THENCE ALONGSAID SIDE OF SAID EDGEWOOD ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, A DISTANCE OF ONE HUNDRED SIXTY FOUR AND NINETY NINE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO THE FIRST MENTIONED POINT AND PLACE OF BEGINNING.

---
* 09/05/2023 10:52:02 AM
* MTG BK 15808  PG 00411
* MONCO

* 319 12338 0616 Exhibit A Legal Description Attachment

| Page 1 of 1 | Barcode:  Barcode: |
|-------------|---------------------|

Barcode representations at the bottom:
- 319 12338 0616 Exhibit A Legal Description Attachment 
- Page 1 of 1

---

# RECORDER OF DEEDS
MONTGOMERY COUNTY
Jeanne Sorg

## Contact Information
- One Montgomery Plaza
- Swede and Airy Streets ~ Suite 303
- P.O. Box 311, Norristown, PA 19404
- Office: (610) 278-3289 • Fax: (610) 278-3869

---
## MONTGOMERY COUNTY ROD

### OFFICIAL RECORDING COVER PAGE
- **Document Type:** Mortgage
- **Document Date:** 10/26/2024
- **Transaction #:** 7006924 – 1 Doc(s)
- **Document Page Count:** 7
- **Reference Info:** (Simplifile)
- **Operator ID:** djohnson1
- **RETURN TO:** (Simplifile)
  - Covius Settlement Services, LLC
  - 2001 NE 46th St Ste 25
  - Kansas City, MO 64110-2000
  - (816) 221-0881

### PROPERTY DATA:
- **Parcel ID #:** 31-00-25936-00-7
- **Address:** 8321 THOMSON RD
- **ELKINS PARK - PA 19027**
- **Municipality:** Cheltenham Township (100%)
- **School District:** Cheltenham

### ASSOCIATED DOCUMENT(S):

### FEES / TAXES:
- Recording Fee: Mortgage $86.75
- Additional Pages Fee $6.00
- Affordable Housing Pages $6.00
- **Total:** $98.75

---
## Recording Details
- **MTG BK 15980 PG 02557 to 02564**
- **INSTRUMENT #: 2024059145**
- **RECORDED DATE:** 11/04/2024 02:04:25 PM

## Certification
I hereby CERTIFY that this document is recorded in the Recorder of Deeds Office in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.

## Official Seal
Jeanne Sorg  
Recorder of Deeds

## Important Notice
**PLEASE DO NOT DETACH**  
THIS PAGE IS NOW PART OF THIS LEGAL DOCUMENT

**NOTE:** If document data differs from cover sheet, document data always supersedes.  
*COVER PAGE DOES NOT INCLUDE ALL DATA. PLEASE SEE INDEX AND DOCUMENT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION*

---

# PARTIAL CLAIM MORTGAGE
FHA Case Number 446-4349267703

## Property Information
- Property Address: 8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19027

## Parties Involved
- **Mortgagor**: PADEN K HINDS
  - Address: 8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19027 ("Borrower")
- **Lender**: Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
  - Address: 451 7th Street S.W., Washington, DC 20410

## Mortgage Details
- **Recording Information**:
  - Recording Requested By/Return To: RUSHMORE SERVICING
  - Address: 999 TECH ROW, #200, MADISON HEIGHTS, MICHIGAN 48071
  - Phone: 877-488-4623
- **Preparation Information**:
  - Prepared By: NATIONSTAR MORTGAGE LLC
  - Address: 8950 CYPRESS WATERS BLVD., COPPELL, TX 75019

## Document Details
- **Parcel Identification Number**: 31-00-25936-007
- **Document Date**: 10-24-2019 (date of execution)

## Terms of the Mortgage
THIS SUBORDINATE MORTGAGE ("Security Instrument") is given on the date of execution. The Mortgagor is PADEN K HINDS, whose address is 8321 THOMSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19027 ("Borrower"). This Security Instrument is given to the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, whose address is 451 7th Street S.W., Washington, DC 20410 ("Lender"). Borrower owes Lender the principal sum of SEVEN THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED ONE AND 80/100THS Dollars (U.S. $7,401.80).

## Additional Provisions
Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions contained herein, if personal liability with respect to any amounts payable under the primary Note has been discharged in bankruptcy, Borrower and Lender understand and agree that nothing contained herein with respect to any amounts payable under this Note, shall be construed to impose personal liability to repay any such obligation in violation of such discharge. Borrower and Lender further understand and agree that to the extent that such personal liability with respect to any amounts payable under the primary Note has been discharged in bankruptcy, Borrower is entering into this Note voluntarily for the benefits to be obtained thereby, and not as an affirmation of the debt evidenced by the primary Note, and that this Note, or any actions taken by Lender in relation to 

## Footer Information
- **Barcode**: 91001219v24.2
- **Version**: Version 10_10_2024_01_01_08
- **Page**: page 1 of 6

---

# Loan Number 707843157

this Note, does not constitute a demand for payment or any attempt to collect any such previously discharged obligation.

This debt is evidenced by Borrower's note dated the same date as this Security Instrument (“Note”), which provides for the full debt, if not paid earlier, due and payable on NOVEMBER 01, 2064.

This Security Instrument secures to Lender: (a) the repayment of the debt evidenced by the Note, and all renewals, extensions and modifications of the Note; (b) the payment of all other sums, advanced under Paragraph 7 to protect the security of this Security Instrument; and (c) the performance of Borrower's covenants and agreements under this Security Instrument and the Note. For this purpose, Borrower does hereby mortgage, warrant, grant and convey to Lender, with the power of sale the following described property located in MONTGOMERY County, PENNSYLVANIA:

## LEGAL DESCRIPTION:
THE LAND REFERRED TO HEREIN BELOW IS SITUATED IN THE COUNTY OF MONTGOMERY, COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA, AND IS DESCRIBED AS FOLLOWS: ALL THAT CERTAIN LOT OR PIECE OF GROUND SITUATE IN CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP, MONTGOMERY COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, AT A CORNER FORMED BY THE INTERSECTION OF THE SOUTHEAST SIDE OF THOMPSON ROAD WITH THE NORTHERLY SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD; THENCE EXTENDING NORTHEASTWARD, ONE HUNDRED NINETEEN AND THIRTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT; THENCE STILL ALONG SAID ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE LEFT, A DISTANCE OF NINE AND SEVENTY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHEASTWARD SEVENTY FIVE AND THIRTY SIX ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY NINETY SIX AND EIGHTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT IN THE NORTHERLY SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD, AND THENCE ALONG THE SAID SIDE OF SAID EDGEWOOD ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, A DISTANCE OF ONE HUNDRED SIXTY FOUR AND NINETY NINE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO THE FIRST MENTIONED POINT AND PLACE OF BEGINNING. BEING LOT NO. 51 ON PLAN OF EDGEWOOD ROAD RECORDED AT NORRISTOWN IN DEED BOOK NO. 676, PAGE 500.

---
### Details
- Original Mortgage Amount: $319,113.00
- Tax Parcel No.: 31-00-25936-007
- which has the address of **8321 THOMPSON RD, ELKINS PARK, PENNSYLVANIA 19027** (*Property Address*).

---

# Loan Number 707843157

TOGETHER WITH all the improvements now or hereafter erected on the property, and all easements, appurtenances, and fixtures now or hereafter a part of the property. All replacements and additions shall also be covered by this Security Instrument. All of the foregoing is referred to in this Security Instrument as the "Property."

## Borrower Covenants

Borrower covenants that Borrower is lawfully seized of the estate hereby conveyed and has the right to mortgage, grant and convey the Property and that the Property is unencumbered, except for encumbrances of record. Borrower warrants and will defend generally the title to the Property against all claims and demands, subject to any encumbrances of record.

## This Security Instrument

THIS SECURITY INSTRUMENT combines uniform covenants for national use and non-uniform covenants with limited variations by jurisdiction to constitute a uniform security instrument covering real property.

Borrower and Lender covenant and agree as follows:

### Uniform Covenants

1. **Payment of Principal**. Borrower shall pay the principal of the debt evidenced by the Note when due.
2. **Borrower Not Released; Forbearance By Lender Not a Waiver**. Extension of the time payment of the sums secured by this Security Instrument granted by Lender to Borrower, or any successor in interest of Borrower, shall not operate to release the liability of the original Borrower or Borrower's successor in interest. Lender shall not be required to commence proceedings against any successor in interest or refuse to extend time for payment or otherwise modify amortization of the sums secured by this Security Instrument by reason of any demand made by the original Borrower or Borrower's successors in interest. Any forbearance by Lender in exercising any right or remedy under the Note or this Security Instrument shall not be a waiver of or preclude the exercise of any right or remedy.
3. **Successors and Assigns Bound; Joint and Several Liability; Co-signers**. The covenants and agreements of this Security Instrument shall bind and benefit the successors and assigns of Lender and Borrower. Borrower's covenants and agreements are joint and several. Any Borrower who co-signs this Security Instrument but does not execute the Note: (a) is co-signing this Security Instrument only to mortgage, grant and convey that Borrower's interest in the Property under the terms of this Security Instrument; (b) is not personally obligated to pay the sums secured by this Security Instrument.

---
 
91001215v24.2  
Version 10_10_2024_01_01_06  
(page 3 of 6)

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## 4. Notices
Any notice to Borrower provided for in this Security Instrument shall be given by delivering it or by mailing it by first class mail unless applicable law requires use of another method. The notice shall be directed to the Property Address or any other address Borrower designates by notice to Lender. Any notice to Lender shall be given by first class mail to: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Attention: Single Family Notes Branch, 451 7th Street S.W., Washington, DC 20410 or any address Lender designates by notice to Borrower. Any notice provided for in this Security Instrument shall be deemed to have been given to Borrower or Lender when given as provided in this paragraph.

## 5. Governing Law; Severability
This Security Instrument shall be governed by Federal law and the law of the jurisdiction in which the Property is located. If any provision or clause of this Security Instrument or the Note conflicts with applicable law, such conflict shall not affect other provisions of this Security Instrument or the Note that can be given effect without the conflicting provision. To this end, the provisions of this Security Instrument and the Note are declared to be severable.

## 6. Borrower's Copy
Borrower shall be given one conformed copy of the Note and of this Security Instrument.

## NON-UNIFORM COVENANTS

Borrower and Lender further covenant and agree as follows:

### 7. Remedies

1. (a) Notice of Default. Lender will give a notice of default to Borrower following Borrower's breach of any covenant or agreement in this Security Instrument. The notice will specify, in addition to any information required by applicable law: (i) the default; (ii) the action required to cure the default; (iii) that failure to cure the default on or before the date specified in the notice may result in foreclosure by judicial proceeding and sale of the Property; and (iv) Borrower's right to deny in the foreclosure proceeding the existence of a default or to assert any other defense of Borrower to foreclosure.

2. (b) Foreclosure; Expenses. If the default is not cured as specified in the notice, Lender may require immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument without further

---
91001215v24.2  
Version 10_08_2024_01_01_08  
(page 4 of 6)

---

# Loan Number 707943157

## 8. Effect of Survival Events
Both before and after any Survival Event, as defined below, Borrower will:

- (a) if this Security Instrument is on a leasehold, comply with all the provisions of the lease;
- (b) permit the collection and application of miscellaneous proceeds as required by this Security Instrument; and
- (c) pay any collection expenses under this Security Instrument.

"Survival Event" means any of the following:

1. (aa) any default described in the Note;
2. (bb) Lender requiring Borrower to pay immediately the full amount of Principal which has not been paid and all the interest that Borrower owes on that amount under the Note;
3. (cc) Lender requiring immediate payment in full of all sums secured by this Security Instrument as described in the Note and in this Security Instrument;
4. (dd) The Maturity Date as defined in the Note;
5. (ee) the entry of any judgment against Borrower under the Note; and 
6. (ff) the entry of any judgment under this Security Instrument.

## 9. Release
Upon payment of all sums secured by this Security Instrument, this Security Instrument and the estate conveyed will terminate and become void. After such occurrence, Lender will discharge and satisfy this Security Instrument. Borrower will pay any recordation costs associated with such discharge and satisfaction. Lender may charge Borrower a fee for releasing the Security Instrument, but only if the fee is paid to a third party for services rendered and the charging of the fee is permitted under applicable law.

---
 
91001215v24.2  
Version 10_10_2024_01_01_08  
(page 5 of 6)

---

# Loan Number 707843157

## Waivers
10. Waivers. Borrower, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waives and releases any error or defects in proceedings to enforce this Security Instrument, and waives the benefit of any present or future laws providing for stay of execution, extension of time, exemption from attachment, levy and sale, and homestead exemption.

## Borrower Acknowledgement
BY SIGNING BELOW, Borrower accepts and agrees to the terms contained in this Security Instrument and in any rider(s) signed by Borrower and recorded with it.

- Borrower - **PADEN K HINDS**
- Execution Date: 10 / 26 / 24

## Notary Information
### State of PENNSYLVANIA
### County of Montgomery

On this, the ___ day of _______, 20__, before me, the undersigned officer, personally appeared **PADEN K HINDS**, known to me (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person(s) whose name(s) are subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that he/she/they executed the same for the purposes therein contained.

### Notary Details
- Notary Signature: _____________________________________
- Notary Printed Name: **GARY GOLDSMITH**
- Title of Officer: Notary Public
- My Commission Expires: **NOV 22 2025**
- Commission number: **1066061**

### Notarial Act
[ ] This notarial act involved the use of communication technology.

---

# CERTIFICATE OF RESIDENCE

## FOR LENDER SIGNATURE ONLY

Loan Number 707843157

### Certificate Details

* **Certificate of Residence**: I, _______________________, do hereby certify that the correct address of the within-named lender is U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Attention: Single Family Notes Branch, 451 7th Street S.W., Washington, DC 20410, witness my hand this ______ day of __________________, 20__.
* **Lender Information**: 
  - Name: Jin Moo Binore
  - Address: U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, Attention: Single Family Notes Branch, 451 7th Street S.W., Washington, DC 20410

### Signature
- **Signature**: _____________________________________
- **Title**: Agent of Lender

### Additional Information

* **Date**: 11/04/2024 02:04:25 PM
* **Document ID**: MTG BK 15980  PG 02564
* **Barcode Information**: 91006433v24.2 Page 1 of 1

---

# Case #2023-0202

## Case Information
- Case Number: 2023-0202
- Commencement Date: 2/7/2023
- Last Filing Date: 2/7/2023
- Days Open: 0
- Case Type: Judgment from District Justice
- PFA Number: No
- Caption Plaintiff: CAPITAL ONE BANK USA NA
- Caption Defendant: HINDS PADEN
- Le Pendens: No
- Status: OPEN
- Judge: Remitz
- Remarks: CLAIM NUMBER: CV 0000154 2021 NOTICE 236 SENT ON 2 7 2023
- Sealed: No
- Interpreter Needed: No

## Plaintiffs
| Name | Address | Country | Counsel | Notify | Sequence | Status |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| CAPITAL ONE BANK USA NA | CO LAW OFFICES OF HAYT, HAYT AND LANDOU LLC MERIDIAN CENTER 1 2 INDUSTRIAL WAY WEST EATONTOWN, NJ 07724 UNITED STATES | UNITED STATES | BAROSKA, ROBERT L III | Yes | 1 |  |

## Defendants
| Name | Address | Country | Counsel | Notify | Sequence | Status |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| HINDS, PADEN | 351 THOMSON RD ELKINS PARK PA 19027 UNITED STATES | UNITED STATES |  | Yes | 1 |  |

## Docket Entries
| Seq. | Filing Date | Docket Type | Docket Text | Sealed | Filing ID |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 0 | 2/7/2023 | Judgment from District Justice | CLAIM NUMBER: CV 0000154 2021 NOTICE 236 SENT ON 2 7 2023 | No | 13822722 |
| 1 | 2/7/2023 | Affidavit of Non Military Service |  | No | 13822723 |
| 2 | 2/7/2023 | Entry of Appearance | OF ROBERT L BAROSKA III FOR CAPITAL ONE BANK USA NA | No | 13822724 |

## Judgments
| For | Against | Date | Amount |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| CAPITAL ONE BANK USA NA | HINDS, PADEN | 2/7/2023 | 2847.80 |

---

# PACER Service Center
## User: ATRPACER
## Date: 05/08/2025 09:39:12

### Search Details
- **Client Code**: 
- **Description**: All Court Types Party Search
  - All Courts: Name Hinds, Paden; Court ID PA, PAE, PAM, PAW; Jurisdiction BK
- **Results**: The search returned no results.

### Billing Information
| Category | Details |
|-----------|---------|
| Results   |  |
| Billable  | 1 ($0.10) |
| Pages     |  |

---

# OFAC
## Office of Foreign Assets Control
### Sanctions List Search

Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List (“SDN List”) and all other sanctions lists administered by OFAC, including the Foreign Sanctions Evaders List, the Non-SDN List, the Sectoral Sanctions Identifications List, the List of Foreign Financial Institutions Subject to Correspondent Account or Payable-Through Account Sanctions and the Non-SDN List associated with certain sectors of the Russian economy. Over time, program codes and associated sanctions lists may change. These program codes and lists are published on the website and users are expected to check the Sanctions List Search to ensure they are using the most current information. The Sanctions List Search tool uses approximate string matching to search for names on the SDN List and other sanctions lists. Because of this, users may wish to consider using it as a screening tool (i.e., a confirmation step) for the clearance of pay-related information maintained as a result of a search on a website or through a vendor. OFAC does not recommend reliance on any specific commercial sanctions list search tool. Sanctions List Search is able to search for any part of a name on the SDN List or other sanctions lists. The use of this tool is subject to the disclaimer and to our Privacy Notice.

---
#### Download the SDN List
#### Download the Consolidated Non-SDN List
#### Sanctions List Search: Rules for Use
#### Visit The OFAC Website
#### Program Code Key

---
### Lookup
* **Type:** 
  - All 
* **Name:** Paden Hinds
* **ID # / Digital Currency Address:**
* **Program:**
  - [x] 561-Related
  - [x] BALKANS
  - [x] BALKANS-E014033
* **Minimum Name Score:** 100
* **Address:**
  - City: 
  - State/Province: 
  - Country: United States
  - List: All
* **Lookup Results: 0 Found**

| Name | Address | Type | Program(s) | List | Score |
|------|---------|------|------------|------|-------|
|      |         |      |            |      |       |

Your search has not returned any results.

*U.S. states are abbreviated on the SDN and Non-SDN Lists. To search for a specific U.S. state, please use the two-letter U.S. Postal Service abbreviation.

SDN List last updated on: 5/6/2024 9:59:17 AM  
Non-SDN List last updated on: 5/3/2024 10:09:28 AM

---

# PARID: 310025936007
## HINDS PADEN K
### 8321 THOMSON RD

---
## Parcel

* TaxMapID: 31056 012
* Parcel ID: 31-00-25936-00-7
* Land Use Code: 1101
* Land Use Description: R - SINGLE FAMILY
* Property Location: 8321 THOMSON RD
* Lot #: S1
* Lot Size: 13112 SF
* Front Feet: 129
* Municipality: CHELTENHAM
* School District: CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP
* Utilities: ALL PUBLIC//

---
## Owner

* **Name(s):** HINDS PADEN K
* **Name(s):** 
* **Mailing Address:** 8321 THOMSON RD
* **Care Of:** 
* **Mailing Address:** 
* **Mailing Address:** ELKINS PARK PA 19027

---
## Current Assessment

| Category          |          |
|-------------------|----------|
| Appraised Value   | 151,610  |
| Assessed Value    | 151,610  |
| Restrict Code     |          |

## Estimated Taxes

* County: 796
* Montco Community College: 59
* Municipality: 1,509
* School District: 8,061
* Total: 10,425
* Tax Lien: Tax Claim Bureau Parcel Search

---
## Last Sale

* **Sale Date:** 20-SEP-2019
* **Sale Price:** $325,000
* **Tax Stamps:** 3250
* **Deed Book and Page:** 6154-01672
* **Grantor:** CRAWFORD LOUISE
* **Grantee:** HINDS PADEN K
* **Date Recorded:** 24-SEP-2019

---
## Sales History

| Sale Date   | Sale Price  | Tax Stamps | Deed Book and Page | Grantor          | Grantee        | Date Recorded |
|-------------|-------------|------------|--------------------|------------------|----------------|---------------|
| 09-20-2019   | $325,000    | 3250       | 6154-01672         | CRAWFORD LOUISE  | HINDS PADEN K  | 09-24-2019    |
| 10-07-2005   | $200,000    | 2000       | 5579-01371         | NORTON ARTHUR )  | CRAWFORD LOUISE| 11-16-2005    |
| 08-30-1982   | $40,000     | 400        |                    | NORTON ARTHUR )  | NORTON ARTHUR  |               |

---

# Lot Information
Lot Size: 13212 SF  
Lot # : S1  
Remarks  
Remarks  

## Residential Card Summary
- Card: 1  
- Land Use Code: 1101  
- Building Style: CAPE COD  
- Number of Living Units: 1  
- Year Built: 1915  
- Year Remodeled: 2007  
- Exterior Wall Material: STUCCO  
- Number of Stories: 2  
- Square Feet of Living Area: 2,044  
- Total Rooms/Bedrooms/Baths/Half Baths: 9/5/1/1  
- Basement: PART  
- Finished Basement Living Area:  
- Rec Room Area:  
- Unfinished Area:  
- Wood Burning Fireplace: 1  
- Pre Fab Fireplace:  
- Heating System: CENTRAL HOT WATER GAS  
- Fuel Type:  
- Condo Level:  
- Condo/Townhouse Type:  
- Attached Garage Area:  
- Basement Garage No. of Cars:  

## Accessory Structures
| Card | Type | Type | Size | Year Built |
|------|------|------|------|------------|
| 1    | RG3  | FR OR CB DET GAR W/UNF 2ND FLR | 592  | 1915       |
| 1    | RS1  | FRAME UTILITY SHED               | 120  | 1970       |

## Permits
- Permit Date: 05-DEC-2006  
- Permit Number: 06-1482-G  
- Amount: 5000  
- Purpose: OTHER  
- Notes: ROOF  
- Notes:  
- Notes:  
- Status: CLOSED  

## Assessment History
| Appraised Value | Assessed Value | Restrict Code | Effective Date | Reason                  | Notice Date |
|-----------------|----------------|---------------|----------------|-------------------------|-------------|
| 151,610         | 151,610        |               | 01-JAN-2008     | BATHROOM-NEW/RENOVATIONS| 05-MAR-2008 |
| 149,780         | 149,780        |               | 01-JAN-1998     | REASSESSMENT            | 13-JUN-1997 |

---

# 7,300  01-JAN-1987

---

# Parcel Search Result 1 of 1

## Parcel Information
- Parcel Number: 31-00-25936-00-7
- Deed Book - Page: 6154-01672
- Name: HINDS ROBERT K
- Address: 8321 THOMSON RD ELKINS PARK PA 19027
- Location: 8321 THOMSON RD
- District: Cheltenham (Township)
- Description: SINGLE FAMILY
- Assessed Value: 151,610

## Additional Information
* No taxes due

## Important Note
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS IS NOT A CERTIFIED SEARCH.  
YOU MAY ORDER A CERTIFIED SEARCH BY MAIL OR BY VISITING THE TAX CLAIM OFFICE.  
PLEASE SEE OUR **CERTIFIED TAX SEARCH** FOR INSTRUCTION.

---

# No visible text to extract. The provided image appears to be a technical diagram or map with numerous codes and numbers, but it does not contain any prominent or readable text that can be formatted into Markdown.

---

# No Text Extracted
There is no text visible in the provided image to extract.

---

# EDGEWOOD PARK
## PLAN OF LOTS

### Edgewood Park
- Subdivision Name: Edgewood Park
- Located in: New Castle County, Delaware

### Survey Details
- **Surveyor:** C. S. Capps, C.L.S.
- **Date:** Oct 3, 1906
- **Scale:** 1 inch = 100 feet
- **Approved:** Oak Lane Farms

### Notes
- Deed Book: 0879
- Microfilm:  MONTGO 

### Additional Information
- 4/20/1913 12:00:04 AM

---

# 146

## From Montgomery County Court July 1776

### Decla

Robert Clayton
& 
Walter Clayton

To the Worshipful Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Montgomery County, Virginia:

I Robert Clayton & Walter Clayton do say that
Elizabetn Clayton Complainant hath petitioned this
Court to grant  warrant to apprehend and bring
before your worships Elizabeth Clayton suspected
of being a runaway from the County of Rowan
Vizt. That on or about the first day of May
last past the said Elizabetn did depart from
the plantation of Robert Clayton Senr. (Clayton)
one of the Petitioners & went to the County
of Surry & there she was bound to serve
three years from the first of May last, for the
sum of twenty five pounds to be paid her by
Robert Clayton the afforesaid at the end of
said three years, and hath been absent from
the said Robert Clayton Senr. ever since
the said first day of May Vizt. about two
months past. And that the said Robert
Clayton hath been to several persons
in the County of Montgomery where
the said Elizabetn was last seen & made
demand upon them for the said Elizabetn
but they refused to deliver her up to him
the said Robert Clayton on Demand. And
that on the twenty fifth day of June
last past the said Elizabetn was seen
in the County of Montgomery & hath
since been seen in the County of
Surry.

### Affidavit

We Robert Clayton & Walter Clayton
make oath that the several matters
& things in the within Complaint
contained are true.

Sworn before
James Little & William Horton
Depositions the 2nd. July 1776
Corroboration was made July 7th
which was sent to the Auditor
without warrant to detain or
seize.

### Order

Ordered that a warrant do issue
directed to the Sheriff of the said
County commanding him to apprehend
the said Elizabeth Clayton & bring
her before this Court to answer
the said Complaint.

### Certificate

I do hereby Certify that on
Examination of Robert Clayton
taken on the 7th. July 1776
the said Elizabeth Clayton
admitted that she had received
part payment Vizt. five pounds
of the twenty five pounds which
was to be given her as a recom-
pense for her three years service
which she had been hired for by
Robert Clayton Senr.

## Return 

Sherriff Certifies that on the
14th. July 1776 the within
Elizabeth Clayton was brought
before him \& examined as to
the within charges.

### Additional Notes

* No additional notes or content is available beyond this point.

---

# 147

## Unidentified Document

The document appears to be a scanned image of a historical handwritten text, likely a legal or official document. The content is difficult to decipher due to the poor quality of the image.

### Possible Sections

- There are several sections and subsections, but the text is not clear enough to determine the exact nature or content.
- The document seems to include:
  - A table or list with unclear entries
  - Signatures or initials
  - Dates and possibly amounts

### Extracted Text

Due to the complexity and illegibility of the document, the following is an attempt to extract and format the visible text:

- **Top Section:**
  - The text is highly illegible, but it appears to be a formal introduction or preamble.

- **Middle Section:**
  - **July 27th 1876.**
  - **Reference July 27th 1876.**
  - **Commission 6th April 1877**

- **Lower Section:**
  - **Order**
     - Employed to Caroline and was born a slave in Wiltshire in Virginia to 
     - To  
  - **Other Securities:** 
     - The above-named  
     - Amounts of money or years are mentioned but are unclear.

- **Signatures:**
  - **Robertson of Claytor**
  - Other signatures are present but cannot be clearly read.

### Tables or Lists

There appears to be at least one table or list, but the content is too blurry to transcribe accurately.

### Notes

- The document includes several dates: 
  - **July 27th, 1876**
  - **6th April, 1877**
- There are mentions of people and places, but they are not clear.

Given the illegibility of the document, the extracted text is limited and may not fully capture the content or meaning of the original document.

---

# PA Estate Information Form
---
## Estate Details
- Action File #: 1050332
- County: Montgomery
- Name of Decedent: Christine Oswald
- Date of Death: 08/18/1977
- Docket #: None
- Inheritance Tax Receipt: None

---
## Additional Information
Due to delays caused by the Register of Wills, the (prior owner) name(s) may be checked in the Register of Wills only upon special request. Please contact our office directly to request this information if needed.

---

# PA Estate Information Form

## Decedent Information
- Action File #: 1050332
- County: Montgomery
- Name of Decedent: Charles G Oswald
- Date of Death: 11/13/1981
- Docket #: None
- Inheritance Tax Receipt: None

## Additional Information
Due to delays caused by the Register of Wills, the (prior owner) name(s) may be checked in the Register of Wills only upon special request. Please contact our office directly to request this information if needed.

---

# This Indenture Made the 30th day of AUGUST in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and eighty-two (1982)

## Between
JULIUS SCHONBERGER, JR., Executor of the Estate of Charles G. Oswald, deceased.

(hereinafter called Grantor)

AND

ARTHUR J. NORTON

(hereinafter called Grantee)

of the other part. **Witnesseth** That the said Grantor for and in consideration of the sum of Forty thousand dollars & no cents ($40,000.00) lawful money of the United States of America, unto him, well and truly paid by the said Grantee at and before the sealing and delivery of these presents, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, has granted, bargained, sold, aliened, enfeoffed, released and confirmed and by these presents does grant, bargain, sell, alien, enfeoff, release and confirm unto the said Grantee his heirs and assigns.

## ALL THAT CERTAIN lot or piece of ground, Situate in Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, at a corner formed by the intersection of the Southeast side of Thompson Road with the Northerly side of Edgewood Road thence extending Northeasterly one hundred and nineteen and thirty four one hundredths feet to a point; thence still along said road on a curve to the left a distance of nine and seventy three one hundredths feet; thence Southeasterly one hundred sixty and eighty six one hundredths feet to a point on the right side of said Edgewood Road and thence along the said side of said Edgewood Road on a curve to the right a distance of one hundred and twenty four and seventy nine one hundredths feet to the first mentioned point and place of beginning.

## BEING Lot #51 on plan of Edgewood Road recorded at Norristown in Deed Book No. 676 page 500.

## PARCEL #31-00-25936-00-7

## BEING the same premises which Herbert K. Taylor and Elizabeth T., his wife, by Deed dated the 10th day of July A.D. 1915, and recorded in the Office of the Recorder of Deeds in and for Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, in Deed Book 734 page 146, granted and conveyed unto Charles G. Oswald and Christine, his wife, in fee.

---
Book 4692 pg 848

---

# Document Details
AND the said Christine Oswald died 8/8/77 , whereby title to the within described premises vested in Charles G. Oswald by right of survivorship.

AND the said Charles G. Oswald being so seized died 11/13/81 leaving a will dated 8/17/1981 registered at Norristown, for whose estate Letters Testamentary were granted 11/25/1981 to Julius Schonberger, Jr., the grantor herein.

---
## Property Information
### Tax Details
| Category | Description | Value |
|----------|-------------|-------|
| STATE    | $46.00      |       |
| LOCAL    | $446.00     |       |
| MUNICIPAL|             |       |
| PCS      | $8.00       |       |

### Financial Details
- BALANCE DUE: $400.00
- PAYMENT SEPT. 82

### Transaction Details
- ASSESSOR: SEVING JR.
- COLLECTOR: PAULUS L.

---
## Property Description
Together with all and singular the buildings, ways, waters, water-courses, driveways, rights, liberties, hereditaments and appurtenances whatsoever thereto belonging, or in any wise appertaining, and the reversions and remainders, rents, issues and profits thereof; and all the estate, right, title, interest, property, claim and demand whatsoever of, unto the said Grantor, his heirs and assigns in law, equity, or otherwise howsoever, of, in, and to the same and every part thereof.

---

# Deed Document
## Details of the Deed

To have and to hold the said **lot or piece of land** with the buildings and improvements thereon erected

under the said Grantee, and assigns forever.

### Grantor and Grantee Details

- hereditaments and premises hereby granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, with the appurtenances, unto the said Grantee, his heirs
- to use and for the only proper use and behoof of the said  Grantee, his heirs and assigns forever.

### Covenants

And the said **Grantor** _______________, covenant, promise and agree, to, and with the said **Grantee**, his heirs and assigns, by these presents, 

that **he**, the said **Grantor** _______________ ha$ 

not done, committed, or knowingly or wilfully suffered to be done or committed, any act, matter or thing whatsoever whereby the premises hereby granted, or any part thereof, is, are, shall or may be impaired, charged or encumbered, in title, charge, estate, or otherwise howsoever.

### Witness and Execution

In **Witness Whereof**, the said **Grantor** has duly executed the foregoing Deed the day and year first above written.

### Signatures

Sealed and Delivered  
in the presence of us:  
Charles B. Kollack  
Julius A. Schofberger, Jr. (SEAL)  
Julius Schofberger, Jr., Executor  

### Notary Public

Commonwealth of Pennsylvania  
County of **Bucks**  

On this, the **30th** day of **August**, 1902, before me a Notary **Public of the Commonwealth of Pa.**, the undersigned officer, personally appeared **JULIUS SCHONBERGER, JR.**, Executor of the Estate of **Charles G. Oswald**, deceased,  
described in the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person known to me (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person therein stated and for the purposes therein contained.  

In Witness Whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal.  

My Commission Expires **Dec. 31, 1904**  
Notary Public  
No. 4692  
PC 850

---

# Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
## County of 
On this, the ____ day of ____ , 19  , before me 

personally appeared to be the 

a corporation, and that he be as such 
the foregoing instrument for the purposes therein contained by signing the name of the corporation by 
himself (herself) as 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand and official seal.

---
## Notary Public Seal and Signatures

- **EASTERN ABSTRACT INC.**
  - EASTERN ABSTRACT INC.
  - 2685 ORLIN RD.
  - BLUE BELL, PA 19422-1900
- **JULIUS SCHOENBERGER, JR.**
  - CHAPTER 7 & CHAPTER 13 TRUSTEE
  - MONTGOMERY COUNTY COURT
  - MONTGOMERY COUNTY COURT OF COMMON PLEAS
- **NOTARY PUBLIC - JOAN C. OLSZEWSKI**
  - MY COMMISSION EXPIRES 5-31-95
  - 7726/5

---
## Montgomery County S. S.

Recorded in the Office for Recording of Deeds & c 
In and for said county in. ___.Recorded___ book 
No. ___11  19  P ___ . Page ___88  48  ___ .  of 

Witness my hand and seal of-office this ___ day of ________ , 19 82 .

## Signatures and Seals

- **Recorder:** 
  -  Recorder
- **SEAL OF MONTGOMERY COUNTY**

---
## Additional Information

- **File Number:** 4692 pc 851

---

# TRANSFER TAX EXEMPT; TRANSFER FROM FATHER IN LAW TO STEP DAUGHTER

This Indenture, made the 7th day of October, 2005,

## Parties Involved

* Between
  * ARTHUR J. NORTON (hereinafter called the Grantor), of the one part, and
  * LOUISE CRAWFORD (hereinafter called the Grantee), of the other part,

## Details of the Indenture

Witnesseth that in consideration of the sum of **Two Hundred Thousand And 00/100 Dollars ($200,000.00)**, in hand paid, the receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged, the said Grantor does hereby grant and convey unto the said Grantee, as sole owner, her heirs and assigns,

## Property Description

ALL THAT CERTAIN LOT OR PIECE OF GROUND SITUATE IN CHELTENHAM TOWNSHIP, MONTGOMERY COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, AT A CORNER FORMED BY THE INTERSECTION OF THE SOUTHEAST SIDE OF THOMPSON ROAD WITH THE NORTHERLY SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD; THENCE EXTENDING NORTHEASTWARD, ONE HUNDRED NINETEEN AND THIRTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT; THENCE STILL ALONG SAID ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE LEFT, A DISTANCE OF NINE AND SEVENTY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHEASTWARDLY THREE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY FIVE AND THIRTY SIX ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET; THENCE SOUTHWARDLY NINETY SIX AND EIGHTY FOUR ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO A POINT IN SAID NORTHERLY SIDE OF EDGEWOOD ROAD, AND THENCE ALONG THE SAID SIDE OF SAID EDGEWOOD ROAD ON A CURVE TO THE RIGHT, A DISTANCE OF ONE HUNDRED SIXTY FOUR AND NINETY NINE ONE HUNDREDTHS FEET TO THE FIRST MENTIONED POINT AND PLACE OF BEGINNING

## Property Details

BEING LOT #51 ON PLAN OF EDGEWOOD ROAD RECORDED AT NORRISTOWN IN DEED BOOK NO. 676 PAGE 500  
PARCEL #31 00 25936 00 7

## Prepared By

Prepared by and Return to  
Advanced Settlement Services, Inc.  
2655 Philmont Avenue  
Suite 205  
Huntingdon Valley, PA 19006  
215 947 8277  
File No 3348LT  
UPI # 31 00 25936 00 7

---

# Deed Document
## Property Conveyance Details

BEING the same property conveyed to Arthur J. Norton from Julius Schoenberger, JR., Executor of the Estate of Charles G. Oswald, deceased, by Deed dated August 30, 1982 and recorded on September 21, 1982 in Deed Book 4692 Page 848

Together with all and singular the buildings and improvements, ways, streets, alleys, driveways, passages, waters, water-courses, rights, liberties, privileges, hereditaments and appurtenances, whatsoever unto the hereby granted premises belonging, or in anywise appertaining, and the reversions and remainders, rents, issues, and profits thereof, and all the estate, right, title, interest, property, claim and demand whatsoever of him, the said grantor, as well as in and to the same

## Terms of Conveyance

To have and to hold the said lot or piece of ground described above, with the buildings and improvements thereon erected, hereditaments and premises hereby granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, with the appurtenances, unto the said Grantee, her heirs and assigns, to and for the only proper use and behoof of the said Grantee, her heirs and assigns, forever.

## Grantor's Covenants

And the said Grantor, for himself and his heirs, executors and administrators, does, by these presents, covenant, grant and agree, to and with the said Grantee, her heirs and assigns, that he, the said Grantor, and his heirs, all and singular the hereditaments and premises herein described and granted, or mentioned and intended so to be, with the appurtenances, unto the said Grantee, her heirs and assigns, against him, the said Grantor, and his heirs, and against all and every other person and persons whatsoever lawfully claiming or to claim the same or any part thereof, shall and will

## Warranty and Defense

Warrant and Forever Defend

## Execution and Delivery

In Witness Whereof, the party of the first part has hereunto set his hand and seal Dated the day and year first above written

## Signatures

Sealed and Delivered  
IN THE PRESENCE OF US

C. Olson  
Arthur J. Norton (SEAL)

---

# Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
## County of Montgomery

On this, the 7th day of October, 2005, before me, the undersigned Notary Public, personally appeared Arthur J. Norton, known to me (or satisfactorily proven) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument, and acknowledged that he executed the same for the purposes therein contained

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I hereunto set my hand and official seal:

The precise residence and the complete post office address of the above named Grantee is  
8321 Thomson Road  
Elkins Park, PA 19027  

On behalf of the Grantee  

**Notary Public**  
My commission expires July 11, 2005  

### COMMONWEALTH OF PENNSYLVANIA
#### NOTARIAL SEAL
JULIA V. TUMAREHO, Notary Public  
Lower Merion Twp., Montgomery County  
My Commission Expires July 18th, 2007  

Cheltenham Township  
MONTGOMERY COUNTY, PA  
Registered  

David M. Lynch, P.E., P.L.S.  
Township Engineer  

By: ______________________________  
Date: 10-27-05  

---

---

# Deed
UPI# 31-00-25936-00-7  
Arthur J Norton  
**TO**  
Louise Crawford  

---
### Advanced Settlement Services, Inc.
2655 Philanthropy, Suite 205  
Huntington Valley, PA 19006  
Telephone 215-947-8277 Fax 215-947-8499
---
### Recorder's Office  
Allegheny County  
[Nancy Petachen]
---